# Write The Contest

## 题意翻译

Polycarp要打一场比赛。

这场比赛共持续$T$的时间，包含$n$道题，第$i$题有一个难度系数$a_i$和分数$p_i$。

Polycarp有一个知识水平$s$，初始值为$1$。做一道题的时间为$a_i/s$，做完这题可以得到该题的分数$p_i$。

在开始做题之前，Polycarp可以训练任意分钟，如果训练了$t$分钟，则$s$会增加$C\cdot t$。**在做每一道题之前**，Polycarp会看一集吸氧羊，花费$10$分钟的时间，而且看完之后知识水平$s$会变成$0.9s$。

Polycarp想知道他在限定的时间内最多可以得到多少分。

保证了如果将$T$增加或减少$0.001$，不会改变答案。

## 题目描述

Polycarp, Arkady's friend, prepares to the programming competition and decides to write a contest. The contest consists of $ n $ problems and lasts for $ T $ minutes. Each of the problems is defined by two positive integers $ a_i $ and $ p_i $ — its difficulty and the score awarded by its solution.

Polycarp's experience suggests that his skill level is defined with positive real value $ s $ , and initially $ s=1.0 $ . To solve the $ i $ -th problem Polycarp needs $ a_i/s $ minutes.

Polycarp loves to watch series, and before solving each of the problems he will definitely watch one episode. After Polycarp watches an episode, his skill decreases by $ 10\% $ , that is skill level $ s $ decreases to $ 0.9s $ . Each episode takes exactly $ 10 $ minutes to watch. When Polycarp decides to solve some problem, he firstly has to watch one episode, and only then he starts solving the problem without breaks for $ a_i/s $ minutes, where $ s $ is his current skill level. In calculation of $ a_i/s $ no rounding is performed, only division of integer value $ a_i $ by real value $ s $ happens.

Also, Polycarp can train for some time. If he trains for $ t $ minutes, he increases his skill by $ C \cdot t $ , where $ C $ is some given positive real constant. Polycarp can train only before solving any problem (and before watching series). Duration of the training can be arbitrary real value.

Polycarp is interested: what is the largest score he can get in the contest? It is allowed to solve problems in any order, while training is only allowed before solving the first problem.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains one integer $ tc $ ( $ 1 \le tc \le 20 $ ) — the number of test cases. Then $ tc $ test cases follow.

The first line of each test contains one integer $ n $ ( $ 1 \le n \le 100 $ ) — the number of problems in the contest.

The second line of the test contains two real values $ C, T $ ( $ 0 < C < 10 $ , $ 0 \le T \le 2 \cdot 10^5 $ ), where $ C $ defines the efficiency of the training and $ T $ is the duration of the contest in minutes. Value $ C, T $ are given exactly with three digits after the decimal point.

Each of the next $ n $ lines of the test contain characteristics of the corresponding problem: two integers $ a_i, p_i $ ( $ 1 \le a_i \le 10^4 $ , $ 1 \le p_i \le 10 $ ) — the difficulty and the score of the problem.

It is guaranteed that the value of $ T $ is such that changing it by the $ 0.001 $ in any direction will not change the test answer.

Please note that in hacks you can only use $ tc = 1 $ .

### 输出格式

Print $ tc $ integers — the maximum possible score in each test case.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2
4
1.000 31.000
12 3
20 6
30 1
5 1
3
1.000 30.000
1 10
10 10
20 8

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
7
20

```
## 说明

In the first example, Polycarp can get score of $ 7 $ as follows:

1. Firstly he trains for $ 4 $ minutes, increasing $ s $ to the value of $ 5 $ ;

2. Then he decides to solve $ 4 $ -th problem: he watches one episode in $ 10 $ minutes, his skill level decreases to $ s=5*0.9=4.5 $ and then he solves the problem in $ 5/s=5/4.5 $ , which is roughly $ 1.111 $ minutes;

3. Finally, he decides to solve $ 2 $ -nd problem: he watches one episode in $ 10 $ minutes, his skill level decreases to $ s=4.5*0.9=4.05 $ and then he solves the problem in $ 20/s=20/4.05 $ , which is roughly $ 4.938 $ minutes.

This way, Polycarp uses roughly $ 4+10+1.111+10+4.938=30.049 $ minutes, to get score of $ 7 $ points. It is not possible to achieve larger score in $ 31 $ minutes.

In the second example, Polycarp can get $ 20 $ points as follows:

1. Firstly he trains for $ 4 $ minutes, increasing $ s $ to the value of $ 5 $ ;

2. Then he decides to solve $ 1 $ -st problem: he watches one episode in $ 10 $ minutes, his skill decreases to $ s=5*0.9=4.5 $ and then he solves problem in $ 1/s=1/4.5 $ , which is roughly $ 0.222 $ minutes.

3. Finally, he decides to solve $ 2 $ -nd problem: he watches one episode in $ 10 $ minutes, his skill decreases to $ s=4.5*0.9=4.05 $ and then he solves the problem in $ 10/s=10/4.05 $ , which is roughly $ 2.469 $ minutes.

This way, Polycarp gets score of $ 20 $ in $ 4+10+0.222+10+2.469=26.691 $ minutes. It is not possible to achieve larger score in $ 30 $ minutes.

