# Appending Mex

## 题意翻译

```

Ildar定义了一种方法，可以由一个数组产生一个数。具体地，从这个数组中任选一个子集，不在这个子集中的最小的非负整数称为mex，就是由这个数组得到的数。初始时刻Ildar的数组是一个空数组，通过上述方法得到某个mex，加入到数组的尾端，不断重复以上操作。现在给你一个n长的数组a，问Ildar能否得到这个数组，如果能则输出-1，否则输出最小的整数t，表示数组的前t个数中至少有一个数不能得到。

数据范围：1<=n<=100000，0<=a[i]<=10^9

【思路】

要想得到数字0，可以选择空集作为子集；要想得到数字k，选择的子集必须包含{0,1,...,k-1}。于是，从前往后扫给的数组a，当前的数字最多能比之前出现过的数字大1，否则这个数字是不能被得到的，当前位置就是t。

```

## 题目描述

Initially Ildar has an empty array. He performs $ n $ steps. On each step he takes a subset of integers already added to the array and appends the mex of this subset to the array.

The mex of an multiset of integers is the smallest non-negative integer not presented in the multiset. For example, the mex of the multiset $ [0, 2, 3] $ is $ 1 $ , while the mex of the multiset $ [1, 2, 1] $ is $ 0 $ .

More formally, on the step $ m $ , when Ildar already has an array $ a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_{m-1} $ , he chooses some subset of indices $ 1 \leq i_1 < i_2 < \ldots < i_k < m $ (possibly, empty), where $ 0 \leq k < m $ , and appends the $ mex(a_{i_1}, a_{i_2}, \ldots a_{i_k}) $ to the end of the array.

After performing all the steps Ildar thinks that he might have made a mistake somewhere. He asks you to determine for a given array $ a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n $ the minimum step $ t $ such that he has definitely made a mistake on at least one of the steps $ 1, 2, \ldots, t $ , or determine that he could have obtained this array without mistakes.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $ n $ ( $ 1 \leq n \leq 100\,000 $ ) — the number of steps Ildar made.

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n $ ( $ 0 \leq a_i \leq 10^9 $ ) — the array Ildar obtained.

### 输出格式

If Ildar could have chosen the subsets on each step in such a way that the resulting array is $ a_1, a_2, \ldots, a_n $ , print $ -1 $ .

Otherwise print a single integer $ t $ — the smallest index of a step such that a mistake was made on at least one step among steps $ 1, 2, \ldots, t $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4
0 1 2 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
-1
```


### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3
1 0 1

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
1
```


### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
4
0 1 2 239

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
4
```


## 说明

In the first example it is possible that Ildar made no mistakes. Here is the process he could have followed.

- $ 1 $ -st step. The initial array is empty. He can choose an empty subset and obtain $ 0 $ , because the mex of an empty set is $ 0 $ . Appending this value to the end he gets the array $ [0] $ .

- $ 2 $ -nd step. The current array is $ [0] $ . He can choose a subset $ [0] $ and obtain an integer $ 1 $ , because $ mex(0) = 1 $ . Appending this value to the end he gets the array $ [0,1] $ .

- $ 3 $ -rd step. The current array is $ [0,1] $ . He can choose a subset $ [0,1] $ and obtain an integer $ 2 $ , because $ mex(0,1) = 2 $ . Appending this value to the end he gets the array $ [0,1,2] $ .

- $ 4 $ -th step. The current array is $ [0,1,2] $ . He can choose a subset $ [0] $ and obtain an integer $ 1 $ , because $ mex(0) = 1 $ . Appending this value to the end he gets the array $ [0,1,2,1] $ .

Thus, he can get the array without mistakes, so the answer is $ -1 $ .

In the second example he has definitely made a mistake on the very first step, because he could not have obtained anything different from $ 0 $ .

In the third example he could have obtained $ [0, 1, 2] $ without mistakes, but $ 239 $ is definitely wrong.

