# Detect Robots

## 题意翻译

有一张n个点的图，给你m条路径，如果存在两个点A、B,他们在两个不同的路径中均出现且在两条路经中A->B之间的点不同，则输出“Human”,否则输出"Robot".

---

输入格式：第一行输入t表示有t组数据；

每组数据第一行输入两个整数n,m；

第2～m+1行每行先给出k表示这条路径一共经过k个点，然后输入这k个点

----

输出格式：对每组数据每行输出“Human”或"Robot"

## 题目描述

You successfully found poor Arkady near the exit of the station you've perfectly predicted. You sent him home on a taxi and suddenly came up with a question.

There are $ n $ crossroads in your city and several bidirectional roads connecting some of them. A taxi ride is a path from some crossroads to another one without passing the same crossroads twice. You have a collection of rides made by one driver and now you wonder if this driver can be a robot or they are definitely a human.

You think that the driver can be a robot if for every two crossroads $ a $ and $ b $ the driver always chooses the same path whenever he drives from $ a $ to $ b $ . Note that $ a $ and $ b $ here do not have to be the endpoints of a ride and that the path from $ b $ to $ a $ can be different. On the contrary, if the driver ever has driven two different paths from $ a $ to $ b $ , they are definitely a human.

Given the system of roads and the description of all rides available to you, determine if the driver can be a robot or not.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Each test contains one or more test cases. The first line contains a single integer $ t $ ( $ 1 \le t \le 3 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — the number of test cases.

The first line of each test case contains a single integer $ n $ ( $ 1 \le n \le 3 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — the number of crossroads in the city.

The next line contains a single integer $ q $ ( $ 1 \le q \le 3 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — the number of rides available to you.

Each of the following $ q $ lines starts with a single integer $ k $ ( $ 2 \le k \le n $ ) — the number of crossroads visited by the driver on this ride. It is followed by $ k $ integers $ c_1 $ , $ c_2 $ , ..., $ c_k $ ( $ 1 \le c_i \le n $ ) — the crossroads in the order the driver visited them. It is guaranteed that all crossroads in one ride are distinct.

It is guaranteed that the sum of values $ k $ among all rides of all test cases does not exceed $ 3 \cdot 10^5 $ .

It is guaranteed that the sum of values $ n $ and the sum of values $ q $ doesn't exceed $ 3 \cdot 10^5 $ among all test cases.

### 输出格式

Output a single line for each test case.

If the driver can be a robot, output "Robot" in a single line. Otherwise, output "Human".

You can print each letter in any case (upper or lower).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
5
2
4 1 2 3 5
3 1 4 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
Human

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1
4
4
3 1 2 3
3 2 3 4
3 3 4 1
3 4 1 2

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
Robot

```
## 说明

In the first example it is clear that the driver used two different ways to get from crossroads $ 1 $ to crossroads $ 3 $ . It must be a human.

In the second example the driver always drives the cycle $ 1 \to 2 \to 3 \to 4 \to 1 $ until he reaches destination.

