# Intersection of Permutations

## 题意翻译

## 题目描述

给定整数 $n$ 和两个 $1,\dots,n$ 的排列 $a,b$。

$m$ 个操作，操作有两种：

- $1\ l_a\ r_a\ l_b\ r_b$，设 $a$ 的 $[l_a;r_a]$ 区间内的元素集合为 $S_a$，设 $b$ 的 $[l_b;r_b]$ 区间内的元素集合为 $S_b$，求 $\lvert S_a \bigcap S_b \rvert$。

- $2\ x\ y$，交换 $b$ 的第 $x$ 位与第 $y$ 位。

$1 \le n,m \le 2 \cdot 10^5$

## 输入输出格式

**输入格式：**

第一行，两个整数 $n,m$。

以下两行，每行 $n$ 个整数，分别表示 $a,b$。

以下 $m$ 行，每行一个操作。

**输出格式：**

对于每个 $1$ 操作，输出答案。

## 题目描述

You are given two permutations $ a $ and $ b $ , both consisting of $ n $ elements. Permutation of $ n $ elements is such a integer sequence that each value from $ 1 $ to $ n $ appears exactly once in it.

You are asked to perform two types of queries with them:

- $ 1~l_a~r_a~l_b~r_b $ — calculate the number of values which appear in both segment $ [l_a; r_a] $ of positions in permutation $ a $ and segment $ [l_b; r_b] $ of positions in permutation $ b $ ;

- $ 2~x~y $ — swap values on positions $ x $ and $ y $ in permutation $ b $ .

Print the answer for each query of the first type.

It is guaranteed that there will be at least one query of the first type in the input.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n $ and $ m $ ( $ 2 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5 $ , $ 1 \le m \le 2 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — the number of elements in both permutations and the number of queries.

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n $ ( $ 1 \le a_i \le n $ ) — permutation $ a $ . It is guaranteed that each value from $ 1 $ to $ n $ appears in $ a $ exactly once.

The third line contains $ n $ integers $ b_1, b_2, \dots, b_n $ ( $ 1 \le b_i \le n $ ) — permutation $ b $ . It is guaranteed that each value from $ 1 $ to $ n $ appears in $ b $ exactly once.

Each of the next $ m $ lines contains the description of a certain query. These are either:

- $ 1~l_a~r_a~l_b~r_b $ ( $ 1 \le l_a \le r_a \le n $ , $ 1 \le l_b \le r_b \le n $ );

- $ 2~x~y $ ( $ 1 \le x, y \le n $ , $ x \ne y $ ).

### 输出格式

Print the answers for the queries of the first type, each answer in the new line — the number of values which appear in both segment $ [l_a; r_a] $ of positions in permutation $ a $ and segment $ [l_b; r_b] $ of positions in permutation $ b $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
6 7
5 1 4 2 3 6
2 5 3 1 4 6
1 1 2 4 5
2 2 4
1 1 2 4 5
1 2 3 3 5
1 1 6 1 2
2 4 1
1 4 4 1 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1
1
1
2
0

```
## 说明

Consider the first query of the first example. Values on positions $ [1; 2] $ of $ a $ are $ [5, 1] $ and values on positions $ [4; 5] $ of $ b $ are $ [1, 4] $ . Only value $ 1 $ appears in both segments.

After the first swap (the second query) permutation $ b $ becomes $ [2, 1, 3, 5, 4, 6] $ .

After the second swap (the sixth query) permutation $ b $ becomes $ [5, 1, 3, 2, 4, 6] $ .

