# Gambling

## 题意翻译

### 题目大意：

两个人$A,B$玩游戏，每个人有1个长度为$n$的序列，每次一个人可以从序列中拿一个数并加入自己的分数，或者把对手序列中没选的数中去掉一个，这两个人都足够聪明，求$A$分数与$B$分数的差

### 输入格式：

第一行一个整数$n$

第二行$n$个整数，表示A的序列

第三行$n$个整数，表示B的序列

### 输出格式：

一个整数，表示$A$分数与$B$分数的差

```

### 题目大意：

两个人$A,B$玩游戏，每个人有1个长度为$n$的序列，每次一个人可以从序列中拿一个数并加入自己的分数，或者把对手序列中没选的数中去掉一个，这两个人都足够聪明，求$A$分数与$B$分数的差

### 输入格式：

第一行一个整数$n$

第二行$n$个整数，表示A的序列

第三行$n$个整数，表示B的序列

### 输出格式：

一个整数，表示$A$分数与$B$分数的差

```

## 题目描述

Two players A and B have a list of $ n $ integers each. They both want to maximize the subtraction between their score and their opponent's score.

In one turn, a player can either add to his score any element from his list (assuming his list is not empty), the element is removed from the list afterward. Or remove an element from his opponent's list (assuming his opponent's list is not empty).

Note, that in case there are equal elements in the list only one of them will be affected in the operations above. For example, if there are elements $ \{1, 2, 2, 3\} $ in a list and you decided to choose $ 2 $ for the next turn, only a single instance of $ 2 $ will be deleted (and added to the score, if necessary).

The player A starts the game and the game stops when both lists are empty. Find the difference between A's score and B's score at the end of the game, if both of the players are playing optimally.

Optimal play between two players means that both players choose the best possible strategy to achieve the best possible outcome for themselves. In this problem, it means that each player, each time makes a move, which maximizes the final difference between his score and his opponent's score, knowing that the opponent is doing the same.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains an integer $ n $ ( $ 1 \le n \le 100\,000 $ ) — the sizes of the list.

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_i $ ( $ 1 \le a_i \le 10^6 $ ), describing the list of the player A, who starts the game.

The third line contains $ n $ integers $ b_i $ ( $ 1 \le b_i \le 10^6 $ ), describing the list of the player B.

### 输出格式

Output the difference between A's score and B's score ( $ A-B $ ) if both of them are playing optimally.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2
1 4
5 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
0
```


### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3
100 100 100
100 100 100

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0
```


### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
2
2 1
5 6

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
-3
```


## 说明

In the first example, the game could have gone as follows:

- A removes $ 5 $ from B's list.

- B removes $ 4 $ from A's list.

- A takes his $ 1 $ .

- B takes his $ 1 $ .

Hence, A's score is $ 1 $ , B's score is $ 1 $ and difference is $ 0 $ .

There is also another optimal way of playing:

- A removes $ 5 $ from B's list.

- B removes $ 4 $ from A's list.

- A removes $ 1 $ from B's list.

- B removes $ 1 $ from A's list.

The difference in the scores is still $ 0 $ .

In the second example, irrespective of the moves the players make, they will end up with the same number of numbers added to their score, so the difference will be $ 0 $ .

