# Benches

## 题意翻译

```

## 题目大意：

公园里有n把长椅，第i把长椅上坐着$a_i$个人，现在，会新来m个人，这m个人每人都会找一把长椅坐下。请求出来了m个人后人数最多的那把长椅上最多会有多少人？最少会有多少人？

## 输入输出格式：

### 输入格式：

第一行为1个整数n(1≤n≤100)，表示有n把长椅

第二行为1个m(1≤m≤10000)，表示会新来m个人

接下来n行，每行一个数$a_i$(1≤$ai$≤100) ，表示第i把长椅上最初有$a_i$个人

### 输出格式：

一行，两个数，分别表示来了m个人后人数最多的那把长椅上最多会有的人数，最少会有的人数

```

## 题目描述

There are $ n $ benches in the Berland Central park. It is known that $ a_i $ people are currently sitting on the $ i $ -th bench. Another $ m $ people are coming to the park and each of them is going to have a seat on some bench out of $ n $ available.

Let $ k $ be the maximum number of people sitting on one bench after additional $ m $ people came to the park. Calculate the minimum possible $ k $ and the maximum possible $ k $ .

Nobody leaves the taken seat during the whole process.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $ n $ $ (1 \le n \le 100) $ — the number of benches in the park.

The second line contains a single integer $ m $ $ (1 \le m \le 10\,000) $ — the number of people additionally coming to the park.

Each of the next $ n $ lines contains a single integer $ a_i $ $ (1 \le a_i \le 100) $ — the initial number of people on the $ i $ -th bench.

### 输出格式

Print the minimum possible $ k $ and the maximum possible $ k $ , where $ k $ is the maximum number of people sitting on one bench after additional $ m $ people came to the park.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4
6
1
1
1
1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3 7

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1
10
5

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
15 15

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
3
6
1
6
5

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
6 12

```
### 输入样例 #4

```cpp
3
7
1
6
5

```
### 输出样例 #4

```cpp
7 13

```
## 说明

In the first example, each of four benches is occupied by a single person. The minimum $ k $ is $ 3 $ . For example, it is possible to achieve if two newcomers occupy the first bench, one occupies the second bench, one occupies the third bench, and two remaining — the fourth bench. The maximum $ k $ is $ 7 $ . That requires all six new people to occupy the same bench.

The second example has its minimum $ k $ equal to $ 15 $ and maximum $ k $ equal to $ 15 $ , as there is just a single bench in the park and all $ 10 $ people will occupy it.

