# Candies for Children

## 题意翻译

n个人排成一个环，顺时针编号为1,2,3...n

一个箱子里面有k个糖果。某些人比较贪心，一次会拿2个糖果，不贪心的只拿1个，如果盒子里只剩下1个糖果，则只拿一个。

一开始箱子在l号手里，最后传到r号手里。

每个人拿完后，就把箱子顺时针传给下一个人。箱子可能传了好几圈。

已知n,l,r,k，请问最多有多少个人是贪心的，如果不合法则输出-1

## 题目描述

At the children's festival, children were dancing in a circle. When music stopped playing, the children were still standing in a circle. Then Lena remembered, that her parents gave her a candy box with exactly $ k $ candies "Wilky May". Lena is not a greedy person, so she decided to present all her candies to her friends in the circle. Lena knows, that some of her friends have a sweet tooth and others do not. Sweet tooth takes out of the box two candies, if the box has at least two candies, and otherwise takes one. The rest of Lena's friends always take exactly one candy from the box.

Before starting to give candies, Lena step out of the circle, after that there were exactly $ n $ people remaining there. Lena numbered her friends in a clockwise order with positive integers starting with $ 1 $ in such a way that index $ 1 $ was assigned to her best friend Roma.

Initially, Lena gave the box to the friend with number $ l $ , after that each friend (starting from friend number $ l $ ) took candies from the box and passed the box to the next friend in clockwise order. The process ended with the friend number $ r $ taking the last candy (or two, who knows) and the empty box. Please note that it is possible that some of Lena's friends took candy from the box several times, that is, the box could have gone several full circles before becoming empty.

Lena does not know which of her friends have a sweet tooth, but she is interested in the maximum possible number of friends that can have a sweet tooth. If the situation could not happen, and Lena have been proved wrong in her observations, please tell her about this.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The only line contains four integers $ n $ , $ l $ , $ r $ and $ k $ ( $ 1 \le n, k \le 10^{11} $ , $ 1 \le l, r \le n $ ) — the number of children in the circle, the number of friend, who was given a box with candies, the number of friend, who has taken last candy and the initial number of candies in the box respectively.

### 输出格式

Print exactly one integer — the maximum possible number of sweet tooth among the friends of Lena or "-1" (quotes for clarity), if Lena is wrong.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4 1 4 12

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
5 3 4 10

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
10 5 5 1

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
10

```
### 输入样例 #4

```cpp
5 4 5 6

```
### 输出样例 #4

```cpp
-1

```
## 说明

In the first example, any two friends can be sweet tooths, this way each person will receive the box with candies twice and the last person to take sweets will be the fourth friend.

In the second example, sweet tooths can be any three friends, except for the friend on the third position.

In the third example, only one friend will take candy, but he can still be a sweet tooth, but just not being able to take two candies. All other friends in the circle can be sweet tooths as well, they just will not be able to take a candy even once.

In the fourth example, Lena is wrong and this situation couldn't happen.

