# Vasya And The Matrix

## 题意翻译

已知一个n×m的矩阵，每行每列元素的异或和，请构造一个满足要求的矩阵。若不存在，输出"NO"，否则输出"YES"和矩阵。

$n,m \leq 100$

## 题目描述

Now Vasya is taking an exam in mathematics. In order to get a good mark, Vasya needs to guess the matrix that the teacher has constructed!

Vasya knows that the matrix consists of $ n $ rows and $ m $ columns. For each row, he knows the xor (bitwise excluding or) of the elements in this row. The sequence $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ denotes the xor of elements in rows with indices $ 1 $ , $ 2 $ , ..., $ n $ , respectively. Similarly, for each column, he knows the xor of the elements in this column. The sequence $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{m} $ denotes the xor of elements in columns with indices $ 1 $ , $ 2 $ , ..., $ m $ , respectively.

Help Vasya! Find a matrix satisfying the given constraints or tell him that there is no suitable matrix.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two numbers $ n $ and $ m (2<=n,m

The second line contains $ n $ numbers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} (0<=a_{i}<=10^{9}) $ , where $ a_{i} $ is the xor of all elements in row $ i $ .

The third line contains $ m $ numbers $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{m} (0<=b_{i}<=10^{9}) $ , where $ b_{i} $ is the xor of all elements in column $ i $ .

### 输出格式

If there is no matrix satisfying the given constraints in the first line, output "NO".

Otherwise, on the first line output "YES", and then $ n $ rows of $ m $ numbers in each $ c_{i1},c_{i2},...\ ,c_{im} (0<=c_{ij}<=2·10^{9}) $ — the description of the matrix.

If there are several suitable matrices, it is allowed to print any of them.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2 3
2 9
5 3 13

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES
3 4 5
6 7 8

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3 3
1 7 6
2 15 12

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
NO

```
