# Stock Arbitraging

## 题意翻译

现在你有$r$元钱，有$n$种可以购买的股票，有$m$种可以卖出的股票。您可以选择购买任意数量的股票，可以选择卖出任意数量的股票。现在给你这$n$和$m$种股票的价格。问：经过操作后，你可以得到多少钱。

你可以选择不进行操作

## 题目描述

Welcome to Codeforces Stock Exchange! We're pretty limited now as we currently allow trading on one stock, Codeforces Ltd. We hope you'll still be able to make profit from the market!

In the morning, there are $ n $ opportunities to buy shares. The $ i $ -th of them allows to buy as many shares as you want, each at the price of $ s_i $ bourles.

In the evening, there are $ m $ opportunities to sell shares. The $ i $ -th of them allows to sell as many shares as you want, each at the price of $ b_i $ bourles. You can't sell more shares than you have.

It's morning now and you possess $ r $ bourles and no shares.

What is the maximum number of bourles you can hold after the evening?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains three integers $ n, m, r $ ( $ 1 \leq n \leq 30 $ , $ 1 \leq m \leq 30 $ , $ 1 \leq r \leq 1000 $ ) — the number of ways to buy the shares on the market, the number of ways to sell the shares on the market, and the number of bourles you hold now.

The next line contains $ n $ integers $ s_1, s_2, \dots, s_n $ ( $ 1 \leq s_i \leq 1000 $ ); $ s_i $ indicates the opportunity to buy shares at the price of $ s_i $ bourles.

The following line contains $ m $ integers $ b_1, b_2, \dots, b_m $ ( $ 1 \leq b_i \leq 1000 $ ); $ b_i $ indicates the opportunity to sell shares at the price of $ b_i $ bourles.

### 输出格式

Output a single integer — the maximum number of bourles you can hold after the evening.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 4 11
4 2 5
4 4 5 4

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
26

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
2 2 50
5 7
4 2

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
50

```
## 说明

In the first example test, you have $ 11 $ bourles in the morning. It's optimal to buy $ 5 $ shares of a stock at the price of $ 2 $ bourles in the morning, and then to sell all of them at the price of $ 5 $ bourles in the evening. It's easy to verify that you'll have $ 26 $ bourles after the evening.

In the second example test, it's optimal not to take any action.

