# Balanced Team

## 题意翻译

给n个数，让你找出m个数，使得这m个数中的最大值减去最小值不大于5，求最大的m。

## 题目描述

You are a coach at your local university. There are $ n $ students under your supervision, the programming skill of the $ i $ -th student is $ a_i $ .

You have to create a team for a new programming competition. As you know, the more students some team has the more probable its victory is! So you have to create a team with the maximum number of students. But you also know that a team should be balanced. It means that the programming skill of each pair of students in a created team should differ by no more than $ 5 $ .

Your task is to report the maximum possible number of students in a balanced team.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains one integer $ n $ ( $ 1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — the number of students.

The second line of the input contains $ n $ integers $ a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n $ ( $ 1 \le a_i \le 10^9 $ ), where $ a_i $ is a programming skill of the $ i $ -th student.

### 输出格式

Print one integer — the maximum possible number of students in a balanced team.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
6
1 10 17 12 15 2

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
10
1337 1337 1337 1337 1337 1337 1337 1337 1337 1337

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
10

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
6
1 1000 10000 10 100 1000000000

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
1

```
## 说明

In the first example you can create a team with skills $ [12, 17, 15] $ .

In the second example you can take all students in a team because their programming skills are equal.

In the third example you can create a team consisting of a single student (and you cannot create a team consisting of at least two students).

