# Regular Bracket Sequence

## 题意翻译

有4种字符串，"((","()",")("和"))"，给你每种字符串的数目，求能否组成一个左右括号相匹配的字符串。若能输出1,若不能则输出0。

## 题目描述

A string is called bracket sequence if it does not contain any characters other than "(" and ")". A bracket sequence is called regular if it it is possible to obtain correct arithmetic expression by inserting characters "+" and "1" into this sequence. For example, "", "(())" and "()()" are regular bracket sequences; "))" and ")((" are bracket sequences (but not regular ones), and "(a)" and "(1)+(1)" are not bracket sequences at all.

You have a number of strings; each string is a bracket sequence of length $ 2 $ . So, overall you have $ cnt_1 $ strings "((", $ cnt_2 $ strings "()", $ cnt_3 $ strings ")(" and $ cnt_4 $ strings "))". You want to write all these strings in some order, one after another; after that, you will get a long bracket sequence of length $ 2(cnt_1 + cnt_2 + cnt_3 + cnt_4) $ . You wonder: is it possible to choose some order of the strings you have such that you will get a regular bracket sequence? Note that you may not remove any characters or strings, and you may not add anything either.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input consists of four lines, $ i $ -th of them contains one integer $ cnt_i $ ( $ 0 \le cnt_i \le 10^9 $ ).

### 输出格式

Print one integer: $ 1 $ if it is possible to form a regular bracket sequence by choosing the correct order of the given strings, $ 0 $ otherwise.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
1
4
3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
0
0
0
0

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
1

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
1
2
3
4

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
0

```
## 说明

In the first example it is possible to construct a string "(())()(()((()()()())))", which is a regular bracket sequence.

In the second example it is possible to construct a string "", which is a regular bracket sequence.

