# Maximum Balanced Circle

## 题意翻译

输入k个数,构造一个最大(大小为n)的环，环上任意abs(a[(i+1)%n]-a[i])<=1。

## 题目描述

There are $ n $ people in a row. The height of the $ i $ -th person is $ a_i $ . You can choose any subset of these people and try to arrange them into a balanced circle.

A balanced circle is such an order of people that the difference between heights of any adjacent people is no more than $ 1 $ . For example, let heights of chosen people be $ [a_{i_1}, a_{i_2}, \dots, a_{i_k}] $ , where $ k $ is the number of people you choose. Then the condition $ |a_{i_j} - a_{i_{j + 1}}| \le 1 $ should be satisfied for all $ j $ from $ 1 $ to $ k-1 $ and the condition $ |a_{i_1} - a_{i_k}| \le 1 $ should be also satisfied. $ |x| $ means the absolute value of $ x $ . It is obvious that the circle consisting of one person is balanced.

Your task is to choose the maximum number of people and construct a balanced circle consisting of all chosen people. It is obvious that the circle consisting of one person is balanced so the answer always exists.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains one integer $ n $ ( $ 1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — the number of people.

The second line of the input contains $ n $ integers $ a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n $ ( $ 1 \le a_i \le 2 \cdot 10^5 $ ), where $ a_i $ is the height of the $ i $ -th person.

### 输出格式

In the first line of the output print $ k $ — the number of people in the maximum balanced circle.

In the second line print $ k $ integers $ res_1, res_2, \dots, res_k $ , where $ res_j $ is the height of the $ j $ -th person in the maximum balanced circle. The condition $ |res_{j} - res_{j + 1}| \le 1 $ should be satisfied for all $ j $ from $ 1 $ to $ k-1 $ and the condition $ |res_{1} - res_{k}| \le 1 $ should be also satisfied.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
7
4 3 5 1 2 2 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
5
2 1 1 2 3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
5
3 7 5 1 5

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
2
5 5 

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
3
5 1 4

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
2
4 5 

```
### 输入样例 #4

```cpp
7
2 2 3 2 1 2 2

```
### 输出样例 #4

```cpp
7
1 2 2 2 2 3 2 

```
