# Indie Album

## 题意翻译

有$n$次操作，格式为$1~c$或$2~j~c$，分别表示新建一个为$c$的字符串，和在第$j$次操作得到的串后接上$c$。

接着是$m$次询问，格式为$i~t$，每次询问版本$i$的串中，$t$的出现次数。

$1 \leq n,m,|t|,\sum |t| \leq 4 \cdot 10^5$

## 题目描述

Mishka's favourite experimental indie band has recently dropped a new album! Songs of that album share one gimmick. Each name $ s_i $ is one of the following types:

- $ 1~c $ — a single lowercase Latin letter;

- $ 2~j~c $ — name $ s_j $ ( $ 1 \le j < i $ ) with a single lowercase Latin letter appended to its end.

Songs are numbered from $ 1 $ to $ n $ . It's guaranteed that the first song is always of type $ 1 $ .

Vova is rather interested in the new album but he really doesn't have the time to listen to it entirely. Thus he asks Mishka some questions about it to determine if some song is worth listening to. Questions have the following format:

- $ i~t $ — count the number of occurrences of string $ t $ in $ s_i $ (the name of the $ i $ -th song of the album) as a continuous substring, $ t $ consists only of lowercase Latin letters.

Mishka doesn't question the purpose of that information, yet he struggles to provide it. Can you please help Mishka answer all Vova's questions?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $ n $ ( $ 1 \le n \le 4 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — the number of songs in the album.

Each of the next $ n $ lines contains the desciption of the $ i $ -th song of the album in the following format:

- $ 1~c $ — $ s_i $ is a single lowercase Latin letter;

- $ 2~j~c $ — $ s_i $ is the name $ s_j $ ( $ 1 \le j < i $ ) with a single lowercase Latin letter appended to its end.

The next line contains a single integer $ m $ ( $ 1 \le m \le 4 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — the number of Vova's questions.

Each of the next $ m $ lines contains the desciption of the $ j $ -th Vova's question in the following format:

- $ i~t $ ( $ 1 \le i \le n $ , $ 1 \le |t| \le 4 \cdot 10^5 $ ) — count the number of occurrences of string $ t $ in $ s_i $ (the name of the $ i $ -th song of the album) as a continuous substring, $ t $ consists only of lowercase Latin letters.

It's guaranteed that the total length of question strings $ t $ doesn't exceed $ 4 \cdot 10^5 $ .

### 输出格式

For each question print a single integer — the number of occurrences of the question string $ t $ in the name of the $ i $ -th song of the album as a continuous substring.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
20
1 d
2 1 a
2 2 d
2 3 a
2 4 d
2 5 a
2 6 d
2 7 a
1 d
2 9 o
2 10 k
2 11 i
2 12 d
2 13 o
2 14 k
2 15 i
2 1 o
2 17 k
2 18 i
2 15 i
12
8 da
8 dada
8 ada
6 dada
3 dada
19 doki
19 ok
16 doki
15 doki
9 d
1 a
20 doki

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
4
3
3
2
0
1
1
2
1
1
0
2

```
## 说明

Song names of the first example:

1. d

2. da

3. dad

4. dada

5. dadad

6. dadada

7. dadadad

8. dadadada

9. d

10. do

11. dok

12. doki

13. dokid

14. dokido

15. dokidok

16. dokidoki

17. do

18. dok

19. doki

20. dokidoki

Thus the occurrences for each question string are:

1. string "da" starts in positions $ [1, 3, 5, 7] $ in the name "dadadada";

2. string "dada" starts in positions $ [1, 3, 5] $ in the name "dadadada";

3. string "ada" starts in positions $ [2, 4, 6] $ in the name "dadadada";

4. string "dada" starts in positions $ [1, 3] $ in the name "dadada";

5. no occurrences of string "dada" in the name "dad";

6. string "doki" starts in position $ [1] $ in the name "doki";

7. string "ok" starts in position $ [2] $ in the name "doki";

8. string "doki" starts in positions $ [1, 5] $ in the name "dokidoki";

9. string "doki" starts in position $ [1] $ in the name "dokidok";

10. string "d" starts in position $ [1] $ in the name "d";

11. no occurrences of string "a" in the name "d";

12. string "doki" starts in positions $ [1, 5] $ in the name "dokidoki".

