# TV Subscriptions (Easy Version)

## 题意翻译

### 题意简述

给定长度为 $n$ 的序列 $a$，对于 $a_i(1\leq i \leq n)$ 有 $a_i\leq k$。请你找出一段长度为 $d$ 的区间，使得这段区间所包含的不同元素的数量最小。

### 输入格式

第一行一个正整数 $t(1\leq t \leq 100)$ —— 数据组数。

对于每组数据，第一行有三个正整数 $n,k,d(1\leq n,k \leq 100,1\leq d \leq n)$。

接下来一行 $n$ 个正整数 $a_1,a_2,a_3,···a_n$。

### 输出格式

对于每组数据，输出长度为 $d$ 的区间中最小的不同元素的数量。

翻译贡献者：Meatherm (U108949)

## 题目描述

The only difference between easy and hard versions is constraints.

The BerTV channel every day broadcasts one episode of one of the $ k $ TV shows. You know the schedule for the next $ n $ days: a sequence of integers $ a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n $ ( $ 1 \le a_i \le k $ ), where $ a_i $ is the show, the episode of which will be shown in $ i $ -th day.

The subscription to the show is bought for the entire show (i.e. for all its episodes), for each show the subscription is bought separately.

How many minimum subscriptions do you need to buy in order to have the opportunity to watch episodes of purchased shows $ d $ ( $ 1 \le d \le n $ ) days in a row? In other words, you want to buy the minimum number of TV shows so that there is some segment of $ d $ consecutive days in which all episodes belong to the purchased shows.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains an integer $ t $ ( $ 1 \le t \le 100 $ ) — the number of test cases in the input. Then $ t $ test case descriptions follow.

The first line of each test case contains three integers $ n, k $ and $ d $ ( $ 1 \le n \le 100 $ , $ 1 \le k \le 100 $ , $ 1 \le d \le n $ ). The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n $ ( $ 1 \le a_i \le k $ ), where $ a_i $ is the show that is broadcasted on the $ i $ -th day.

It is guaranteed that the sum of the values ​​of $ n $ for all test cases in the input does not exceed $ 100 $ .

### 输出格式

Print $ t $ integers — the answers to the test cases in the input in the order they follow. The answer to a test case is the minimum number of TV shows for which you need to purchase a subscription so that you can watch episodes of the purchased TV shows on BerTV for $ d $ consecutive days. Please note that it is permissible that you will be able to watch more than $ d $ days in a row.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4
5 2 2
1 2 1 2 1
9 3 3
3 3 3 2 2 2 1 1 1
4 10 4
10 8 6 4
16 9 8
3 1 4 1 5 9 2 6 5 3 5 8 9 7 9 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2
1
4
5

```
## 说明

In the first test case to have an opportunity to watch shows for two consecutive days, you need to buy a subscription on show $ 1 $ and on show $ 2 $ . So the answer is two.

In the second test case, you can buy a subscription to any show because for each show you can find a segment of three consecutive days, consisting only of episodes of this show.

In the third test case in the unique segment of four days, you have four different shows, so you need to buy a subscription to all these four shows.

In the fourth test case, you can buy subscriptions to shows $ 3,5,7,8,9 $ , and you will be able to watch shows for the last eight days.

