# p-binary

## 题意翻译

### 题意简述

给定整数 $n,p$，求最小的 $x$ 使得其满足

$$\sum_{1}^{x} (2^k+p)=n$$

其中 $k$ 可以是任意自然数。

### 输入格式

一行，$n,p(1\leq n \leq 10^9,-1000\leq p \leq 1000)$。

### 输出格式

如果找不到这样的 $x$ 请输出 $-1$。

否则输出 $x$。

## 题目描述

Vasya will fancy any number as long as it is an integer power of two. Petya, on the other hand, is very conservative and only likes a single integer $ p $ (which may be positive, negative, or zero). To combine their tastes, they invented $ p $ -binary numbers of the form $ 2^x + p $ , where $ x $ is a non-negative integer.

For example, some $ -9 $ -binary ("minus nine" binary) numbers are: $ -8 $ (minus eight), $ 7 $ and $ 1015 $ ( $ -8=2^0-9 $ , $ 7=2^4-9 $ , $ 1015=2^{10}-9 $ ).

The boys now use $ p $ -binary numbers to represent everything. They now face a problem: given a positive integer $ n $ , what's the smallest number of $ p $ -binary numbers (not necessarily distinct) they need to represent $ n $ as their sum? It may be possible that representation is impossible altogether. Help them solve this problem.

For example, if $ p=0 $ we can represent $ 7 $ as $ 2^0 + 2^1 + 2^2 $ .

And if $ p=-9 $ we can represent $ 7 $ as one number $ (2^4-9) $ .

Note that negative $ p $ -binary numbers are allowed to be in the sum (see the Notes section for an example).

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The only line contains two integers $ n $ and $ p $ ( $ 1 \leq n \leq 10^9 $ , $ -1000 \leq p \leq 1000 $ ).

### 输出格式

If it is impossible to represent $ n $ as the sum of any number of $ p $ -binary numbers, print a single integer $ -1 $ . Otherwise, print the smallest possible number of summands.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
24 0

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
24 1

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
24 -1

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
4

```
### 输入样例 #4

```cpp
4 -7

```
### 输出样例 #4

```cpp
2

```
### 输入样例 #5

```cpp
1 1

```
### 输出样例 #5

```cpp
-1

```
## 说明

 $ 0 $ -binary numbers are just regular binary powers, thus in the first sample case we can represent $ 24 = (2^4 + 0) + (2^3 + 0) $ .

In the second sample case, we can represent $ 24 = (2^4 + 1) + (2^2 + 1) + (2^0 + 1) $ .

In the third sample case, we can represent $ 24 = (2^4 - 1) + (2^2 - 1) + (2^2 - 1) + (2^2 - 1) $ . Note that repeated summands are allowed.

In the fourth sample case, we can represent $ 4 = (2^4 - 7) + (2^1 - 7) $ . Note that the second summand is negative, which is allowed.

In the fifth sample case, no representation is possible.

