# String

## 题意翻译

给你一个字符串s。每一组数字l和r满足$1 <= l <= r <= |s|$，他们对应s的子字符串（从l至r并包括l,r）

现定义以一个形如F(string x, string y)的字符串函数。我们将要找到一个列表，其中字符串x的子串等于字符串y。我们根据配对的第一个数字的增加来对这组配对进行排序。函数$f（x，y）$的值等于列表中非空连续序列的数目。

例如：f(babbabbababbab,babb) = 6

- (1, 4)

- (4, 7)

- (9, 12)

它的连续序列为：

- (1, 4)(4, 7)

- (4, 7)(9, 12)

- (1, 4)(4, 7)(9, 12)

给定字符串s，求所有f(s, x)的和 ** （x为s的字串） **

输入样例1解释：

- f(aaaa,a):

> (1),(2),(3),(4)

>(1)(2),(2)(3), (3)(4)

>(1)(2)(3), (2)(3)(4)

>(1)(2)(3)(4)

$f(aaaa,a)= 10$

以此类推，

$f(aaaa,aa)=6$

$f(aaaa, aaa) = 3$

$f(aaaa, aaaa) = 1$

所以结果为10+6+3+1=20

## 题目描述

You are given a string $ s $ . Each pair of numbers $ l $ and $ r $ that fulfill the condition $ 1<=l<=r<=|s| $ , correspond to a substring of the string $ s $ , starting in the position $ l $ and ending in the position $ r $ (inclusive).

Let's define the function of two strings $ F(x,y) $ like this. We'll find a list of such pairs of numbers for which the corresponding substrings of string $ x $ are equal to string $ y $ . Let's sort this list of pairs according to the pair's first number's increasing. The value of function $ F(x,y) $ equals the number of non-empty continuous sequences in the list.

For example: $ F(babbabbababbab,babb)=6 $ . The list of pairs is as follows:

$ (1,4),(4,7),(9,12) $

Its continuous sequences are:

- $ (1,4) $

- $ (4,7) $

- $ (9,12) $

- $ (1,4),(4,7) $

- $ (4,7),(9,12) $

- $ (1,4),(4,7),(9,12) $

Your task is to calculate for the given string $ s $ the sum $ F(s,x) $ for all $ x $ , that $ x $ belongs to the set of all substrings of a string $ s $ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The only line contains the given string $ s $ , consisting only of small Latin letters ( $ 1<=|s|<=10^{5} $ ).

### 输出格式

Print the single number — the sought sum.

Please do not use the %lld specificator to read or write 64-bit integers in С++. It is preferred to use the cin, cout streams or the %I64d specificator.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
aaaa

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
20

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
abcdef

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
21

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
abacabadabacaba

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
188

```
## 说明

In the first sample the function values at $ x $ equal to "a", "aa", "aaa" and "aaaa" equal 10, 6, 3 and 1 correspondingly.

In the second sample for any satisfying $ x $ the function value is 1.

