# Brackets

## 题目描述

A two dimensional array is called a bracket array if each grid contains one of the two possible brackets — "(" or ")". A path through the two dimensional array cells is called monotonous if any two consecutive cells in the path are side-adjacent and each cell of the path is located below or to the right from the previous one.

A two dimensional array whose size equals $ n×m $ is called a correct bracket array, if any string formed by writing out the brackets on some monotonous way from cell $ (1,1) $ to cell $ (n,m) $ forms a correct bracket sequence.

Let's define the operation of comparing two correct bracket arrays of equal size ( $ a $ and $ b $ ) like that. Let's consider a given two dimensional array of priorities ( $ c $ ) — a two dimensional array of same size, containing different integers from $ 1 $ to $ nm $ . Let's find such position $ (i,j) $ in the two dimensional array, that $ a_{i,j}≠b_{i,j} $ . If there are several such positions, let's choose the one where number $ c_{i,j} $ is minimum. If $ a_{i,j}= $ "(", then $ a&lt;b $ , otherwise $ a&gt;b $ . If the position $ (i,j) $ is not found, then the arrays are considered equal.

Your task is to find a $ k $ -th two dimensional correct bracket array. It is guaranteed that for the given sizes of $ n $ and $ m $ there will be no less than $ k $ two dimensional correct bracket arrays.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains integers $ n $ , $ m $ and $ k $ — the sizes of the array and the number of the sought correct bracket array ( $ 1<=n,m<=100 $ , $ 1<=k<=10^{18} $ ). Then an array of priorities is given, $ n $ lines each containing $ m $ numbers, number $ p_{i,j} $ shows the priority of character $ j $ in line $ i $ ( $ 1<=p_{i,j}<=nm $ , all $ p_{i,j} $ are different).

Please do not use the %lld specificator to read or write 64-bit integers in С++. It is preferred to use the cin, cout streams or the %I64d specificator.

### 输出格式

Print the $ k $ -th two dimensional correct bracket array.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1 2 1
1 2

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
()

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
2 3 1
1 2 3
4 5 6

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
(()
())

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
3 2 2
3 6
1 4
2 5

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
()
)(
()

```
## 说明

In the first sample exists only one correct two-dimensional bracket array.

In the second and in the third samples two arrays exist.

A bracket sequence is called regular if it is possible to obtain correct arithmetic expression by inserting characters «+» and «1» into this sequence. For example, sequences «(())()», «()» and «(()(()))» are regular, while «)(», «(()» and «(()))(» are not.

