# Clues

## 题意翻译

一个 $N$个点$M$条边的带标号无向图有$k$个连通块。我们希望添加$k-1$条边使得整个图连通。

求方案数。答案对$K$取模。

### 输入格式

第一行三个整数$N,M,K$。

接下来$M$行,每行两个整数$u,v$,表示$u,v$之间存在一条无向边。

### 输出格式

一行一个整数,表示方案数模$K$

## 题目描述

As Sherlock Holmes was investigating another crime, he found a certain number of clues. Also, he has already found direct links between some of those clues. The direct links between the clues are mutual. That is, the direct link between clues $ A $ and $ B $ and the direct link between clues $ B $ and $ A $ is the same thing. No more than one direct link can exist between two clues.

Of course Sherlock is able to find direct links between all clues. But it will take too much time and the criminals can use this extra time to hide. To solve the crime, Sherlock needs each clue to be linked to all other clues (maybe not directly, via some other clues). Clues $ A $ and $ B $ are considered linked either if there is a direct link between them or if there is a direct link between $ A $ and some other clue $ C $ which is linked to $ B $ .

Sherlock Holmes counted the minimum number of additional direct links that he needs to find to solve the crime. As it turns out, it equals $ T $ .

Please count the number of different ways to find exactly $ T $ direct links between the clues so that the crime is solved in the end. Two ways to find direct links are considered different if there exist two clues which have a direct link in one way and do not have a direct link in the other way.

As the number of different ways can turn out rather big, print it modulo $ k $ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains three space-separated integers $ n,m,k $ ( $ 1<=n<=10^{5},0<=m<=10^{5} $ , $ 1<=k<=10^{9} $ ) — the number of clues, the number of direct clue links that Holmes has already found and the divisor for the modulo operation.

Each of next $ m $ lines contains two integers $ a $ and $ b $ ( $ 1<=a,b<=n,a≠b $ ), that represent a direct link between clues. It is guaranteed that any two clues are linked by no more than one direct link. Note that the direct links between the clues are mutual.

### 输出格式

Print the single number — the answer to the problem modulo $ k $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2 0 1000000000

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3 0 100

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
4 1 1000000000
1 4

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
8

```
## 说明

The first sample only has two clues and Sherlock hasn't found any direct link between them yet. The only way to solve the crime is to find the link.

The second sample has three clues and Sherlock hasn't found any direct links between them. He has to find two of three possible direct links between clues to solve the crime — there are $ 3 $ ways to do it.

The third sample has four clues and the detective has already found one direct link between the first and the fourth clue. There are $ 8 $ ways to find two remaining clues to solve the crime.

