# Chores

## 题目描述

Petya and Vasya are brothers. Today is a special day for them as their parents left them home alone and commissioned them to do $ n $ chores. Each chore is characterized by a single parameter — its complexity. The complexity of the $ i $ -th chore equals $ h_{i} $ .

As Petya is older, he wants to take the chores with complexity larger than some value $ x $ ( $ h_{i}&gt;x $ ) to leave to Vasya the chores with complexity less than or equal to $ x $ ( $ h_{i}<=x $ ). The brothers have already decided that Petya will do exactly $ a $ chores and Vasya will do exactly $ b $ chores ( $ a+b=n $ ).

In how many ways can they choose an integer $ x $ so that Petya got exactly $ a $ chores and Vasya got exactly $ b $ chores?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first input line contains three integers $ n,a $ and $ b $ ( $ 2<=n=1 $ ; $ a+b=n $ ) — the total number of chores, the number of Petya's chores and the number of Vasya's chores.

The next line contains a sequence of integers $ h_{1},h_{2},...,h_{n} $ ( $ 1<=h_{i}<=10^{9} $ ), $ h_{i} $ is the complexity of the $ i $ -th chore. The numbers in the given sequence are not necessarily different.

All numbers on the lines are separated by single spaces.

### 输出格式

Print the required number of ways to choose an integer value of $ x $ . If there are no such ways, print 0.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5 2 3
6 2 3 100 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
7 3 4
1 1 9 1 1 1 1

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0

```
## 说明

In the first sample the possible values of $ x $ are 3, 4 or 5.

In the second sample it is impossible to find such $ x $ , that Petya got 3 chores and Vasya got 4.

