# Encrypting Messages

## 题目描述

The Smart Beaver from ABBYY invented a new message encryption method and now wants to check its performance. Checking it manually is long and tiresome, so he decided to ask the ABBYY Cup contestants for help.

A message is a sequence of $ n $ integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ . Encryption uses a key which is a sequence of $ m $ integers $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{m} $ ( $ m<=n $ ). All numbers from the message and from the key belong to the interval from $ 0 $ to $ c-1 $ , inclusive, and all the calculations are performed modulo $ c $ .

Encryption is performed in $ n-m+1 $ steps. On the first step we add to each number $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{m} $ a corresponding number $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{m} $ . On the second step we add to each number $ a_{2},a_{3},...,a_{m+1} $ (changed on the previous step) a corresponding number $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{m} $ . And so on: on step number $ i $ we add to each number $ a_{i},a_{i+1},...,a_{i+m-1} $ a corresponding number $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{m} $ . The result of the encryption is the sequence $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ after $ n-m+1 $ steps.

Help the Beaver to write a program that will encrypt messages in the described manner.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first input line contains three integers $ n $ , $ m $ and $ c $ , separated by single spaces.

The second input line contains $ n $ integers $ a_{i} $ ( $ 0<=a_{i}<c $ ), separated by single spaces — the original message. The third input line contains $ m $ integers $ b_{i} $ ( $ 0<=b_{i}<c $ ), separated by single spaces — the encryption key. The input limitations for getting 30 points are: - $ 1<=m<=n<=10^{3} $ - $ 1<=c<=10^{3} $ The input limitations for getting 100 points are: - $ 1<=m<=n<=10^{5} $ - $ 1<=c<=10^{3} $

### 输出格式

Print $ n $ space-separated integers — the result of encrypting the original message.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4 3 2
1 1 1 1
1 1 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
0 1 1 0

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3 1 5
1 2 3
4

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0 1 2

```
## 说明

In the first sample the encryption is performed in two steps: after the first step $ a=(0,0,0,1) $ (remember that the calculations are performed modulo 2), after the second step $ a=(0,1,1,0) $ , and that is the answer.

