# Blood Cousins

## 题意翻译

给你一片森林，每次询问一个点与多少个点拥有共同的$K$级祖先

## 题目描述

Polycarpus got hold of a family relationship tree. The tree describes family relationships of $ n $ people, numbered 1 through $ n $ . Each person in the tree has no more than one parent.

Let's call person $ a $ a 1-ancestor of person $ b $ , if $ a $ is the parent of $ b $ .

Let's call person $ a $ a $ k $ -ancestor $ (k&gt;1) $ of person $ b $ , if person $ b $ has a 1-ancestor, and $ a $ is a $ (k-1) $ -ancestor of $ b $ 's 1-ancestor.

Family relationships don't form cycles in the found tree. In other words, there is no person who is his own ancestor, directly or indirectly (that is, who is an $ x $ -ancestor for himself, for some $ x $ , $ x&gt;0 $ ).

Let's call two people $ x $ and $ y $ $ (x≠y) $ $ p $ -th cousins $ (p&gt;0) $ , if there is person $ z $ , who is a $ p $ -ancestor of $ x $ and a $ p $ -ancestor of $ y $ .

Polycarpus wonders how many counsins and what kinds of them everybody has. He took a piece of paper and wrote $ m $ pairs of integers $ v_{i} $ , $ p_{i} $ . Help him to calculate the number of $ p_{i} $ -th cousins that person $ v_{i} $ has, for each pair $ v_{i} $ , $ p_{i} $ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first input line contains a single integer $ n $ $ (1<=n<=10^{5}) $ — the number of people in the tree. The next line contains $ n $ space-separated integers $ r_{1},r_{2},...,r_{n} $ , where $ r_{i} $ $ (1<=r_{i}<=n) $ is the number of person $ i $ 's parent or 0, if person $ i $ has no parent. It is guaranteed that family relationships don't form cycles.

The third line contains a single number $ m $ $ (1<=m<=10^{5}) $ — the number of family relationship queries Polycarus has. Next $ m $ lines contain pairs of space-separated integers. The $ i $ -th line contains numbers $ v_{i} $ , $ p_{i} $ $ (1<=v_{i},p_{i}<=n) $ .

### 输出格式

Print $ m $ space-separated integers — the answers to Polycarpus' queries. Print the answers to the queries in the order, in which the queries occur in the input.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
6
0 1 1 0 4 4
7
1 1
1 2
2 1
2 2
4 1
5 1
6 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
0 0 1 0 0 1 1 

```
