# Fence

## 题意翻译

给定长度为n(<=10^5)的整数序列h，其中(h[i] 

有Q(<=10^5)个询问，每次给出$l_1,r_1$

询问有多少对$l_2,r_2$,满足以下条件

1、$r_2 – l_2 = r_1 – l_1$

2、区间$[l_1, r_1]$与区间$[l_2, r_2]$没有交集

3、$r_2 \le n$

4、对于任意$i \le r_1 – l_1$，满足$h[l_1 + i] + h[l_2 + i] = h[l_1] + h[l_2]$

## 题目描述

John Doe has a crooked fence, consisting of $ n $ rectangular planks, lined up from the left to the right: the plank that goes $ i $ -th $ (1<=i<=n) $ (from left to right) has width 1 and height $ h_{i} $ . We will assume that the plank that goes $ i $ -th $ (1<=i<=n) $ (from left to right) has index $ i $ .

A piece of the fence from $ l $ to $ r $ $ (1<=l<=r<=n) $ is a sequence of planks of wood with indices from $ l $ to $ r $ inclusive, that is, planks with indices $ l,l+1,...,r $ . The width of the piece of the fence from $ l $ to $ r $ is value $ r-l+1 $ .

Two pieces of the fence from $ l_{1} $ to $ r_{1} $ and from $ l_{2} $ to $ r_{2} $ are called matching, if the following conditions hold:

- the pieces do not intersect, that is, there isn't a single plank, such that it occurs in both pieces of the fence;

- the pieces are of the same width;

- for all $ i $ $ (0<=i<=r_{1}-l_{1}) $ the following condition holds: $ h_{l1}+i+h_{l2}+i=h_{l1}+h_{l2} $ .

John chose a few pieces of the fence and now wants to know how many distinct matching pieces are for each of them. Two pieces of the fence are distinct if there is a plank, which belongs to one of them and does not belong to the other one.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains integer $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=10^{5} $ ) — the number of wood planks in the fence. The second line contains $ n $ space-separated integers $ h_{1},h_{2},...,h_{n} $ ( $ 1<=h_{i}<=10^{9} $ ) — the heights of fence planks.

The third line contains integer $ q $ ( $ 1<=q<=10^{5} $ ) — the number of queries. Next $ q $ lines contain two space-separated integers $ l_{i} $ and $ r_{i} $ ( $ 1<=l_{i}<=r_{i}<=n $ ) — the boundaries of the $ i $ -th piece of the fence.

### 输出格式

For each query on a single line print a single integer — the number of pieces of the fence that match the given one. Print the answers to the queries in the order, in which the queries are given in the input.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
10
1 2 2 1 100 99 99 100 100 100
6
1 4
1 2
3 4
1 5
9 10
10 10

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1
2
2
0
2
9

```
