# Roma and Changing Signs

## 题目描述

Roma works in a company that sells TVs. Now he has to prepare a report for the last year.

Roma has got a list of the company's incomes. The list is a sequence that consists of $ n $ integers. The total income of the company is the sum of all integers in sequence. Roma decided to perform exactly $ k $ changes of signs of several numbers in the sequence. He can also change the sign of a number one, two or more times.

The operation of changing a number's sign is the operation of multiplying this number by - $ 1 $ .

Help Roma perform the changes so as to make the total income of the company (the sum of numbers in the resulting sequence) maximum. Note that Roma should perform exactly $ k $ changes.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n $ and $ k $ $ (1<=n,k<=10^{5}) $ , showing, how many numbers are in the sequence and how many swaps are to be made.

The second line contains a non-decreasing sequence, consisting of $ n $ integers $ a_{i} $ $ (|a_{i}|<=10^{4}) $ .

The numbers in the lines are separated by single spaces. Please note that the given sequence is sorted in non-decreasing order.

### 输出格式

In the single line print the answer to the problem — the maximum total income that we can obtain after exactly $ k $ changes.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 2
-1 -1 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3 1
-1 -1 1

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
1

```
## 说明

In the first sample we can get sequence \[1, 1, 1\], thus the total income equals $ 3 $ .

In the second test, the optimal strategy is to get sequence \[-1, 1, 1\], thus the total income equals $ 1 $ .

