# Secret

## 题目描述

The Greatest Secret Ever consists of $ n $ words, indexed by positive integers from $ 1 $ to $ n $ . The secret needs dividing between $ k $ Keepers (let's index them by positive integers from $ 1 $ to $ k $ ), the $ i $ -th Keeper gets a non-empty set of words with numbers from the set $ U_{i}=(u_{i,1},u_{i,2},...,u_{i,|Ui}|) $ . Here and below we'll presuppose that the set elements are written in the increasing order.

We'll say that the secret is safe if the following conditions are hold:

- for any two indexes $ i,j $ ( $ 1<=i&lt;j<=k $ ) the intersection of sets $ U_{i} $ and $ U_{j} $ is an empty set;

- the union of sets $ U_{1},U_{2},...,U_{k} $ is set $ (1,2,...,n) $ ;

- in each set $ U_{i} $ , its elements $ u_{i,1},u_{i,2},...,u_{i,|Ui}| $ do not form an arithmetic progression (in particular, $ |U_{i}|>=3 $ should hold).

Let us remind you that the elements of set $ (u_{1},u_{2},...,u_{s}) $ form an arithmetic progression if there is such number $ d $ , that for all $ i $ ( $ 1<=i&lt;s $ ) fulfills $ u_{i}+d=u_{i+1} $ . For example, the elements of sets $ (5) $ , $ (1,10) $ and $ (1,5,9) $ form arithmetic progressions and the elements of sets $ (1,2,4) $ and $ (3,6,8) $ don't.

Your task is to find any partition of the set of words into subsets $ U_{1},U_{2},...,U_{k} $ so that the secret is safe. Otherwise indicate that there's no such partition.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input consists of a single line which contains two integers $ n $ and $ k $ ( $ 2<=k<=n<=10^{6} $ ) — the number of words in the secret and the number of the Keepers. The numbers are separated by a single space.

### 输出格式

If there is no way to keep the secret safe, print a single integer "-1" (without the quotes). Otherwise, print $ n $ integers, the $ i $ -th of them representing the number of the Keeper who's got the $ i $ -th word of the secret.

If there are multiple solutions, print any of them.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
11 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3 1 2 1 1 2 3 2 2 3 1

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
5 2

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
-1

```
