# Little Girl and Problem on Trees

## 题意翻译

给定一棵无边权的树，有两种操作

1）（0 v x d）将距离u节点d距离之内的节点的值加上x

2）（1 v）询问u节点的值

n<=100000,q<=100000

## 题目描述

A little girl loves problems on trees very much. Here's one of them.

A tree is an undirected connected graph, not containing cycles. The degree of node $ x $ in the tree is the number of nodes $ y $ of the tree, such that each of them is connected with node $ x $ by some edge of the tree.

Let's consider a tree that consists of $ n $ nodes. We'll consider the tree's nodes indexed from 1 to $ n $ . The cosidered tree has the following property: each node except for node number 1 has the degree of at most 2.

Initially, each node of the tree contains number 0. Your task is to quickly process the requests of two types:

- Request of form: $ 0 $ $ v $ $ x $ $ d $ . In reply to the request you should add $ x $ to all numbers that are written in the nodes that are located at the distance of at most $ d $ from node $ v $ . The distance between two nodes is the number of edges on the shortest path between them.

- Request of form: $ 1 $ $ v $ . In reply to the request you should print the current number that is written in node $ v $ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains integers $ n $ ( $ 2<=n<=10^{5} $ ) and $ q $ ( $ 1<=q<=10^{5} $ ) — the number of tree nodes and the number of requests, correspondingly.

Each of the next $ n-1 $ lines contains two integers $ u_{i} $ and $ v_{i} $ ( $ 1<=u_{i},v_{i}<=n $ , $ u_{i}≠v_{i} $ ), that show that there is an edge between nodes $ u_{i} $ and $ v_{i} $ . Each edge's description occurs in the input exactly once. It is guaranteed that the given graph is a tree that has the property that is described in the statement.

Next $ q $ lines describe the requests.

- The request to add has the following format: $ 0 $ $ v $ $ x $ $ d $ ( $ 1<=v<=n $ , $ 1<=x<=10^{4} $ , $ 1<=d&lt;n $ ).

- The request to print the node value has the following format: $ 1 $ $ v $ ( $ 1<=v<=n $ ).

The numbers in the lines are separated by single spaces.

### 输出格式

For each request to print the node value print an integer — the reply to the request.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 6
1 2
1 3
0 3 1 2
0 2 3 1
0 1 5 2
1 1
1 2
1 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
9
9
6

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
6 11
1 2
2 5
5 4
1 6
1 3
0 3 1 3
0 3 4 5
0 2 1 4
0 1 5 5
0 4 6 2
1 1
1 2
1 3
1 4
1 5
1 6

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
11
17
11
16
17
11

```
