# Bit++

## 题意翻译

有一种语言叫`Bit++`语言，只有一个变量 $X$ ，初始为 $0$ 。

有一个 $n$ 行的`Bit++`语言的程序，每行只有一条语句，为`X++`,`++X`,`X--`,`--X`中的一种。其中`X++`,`++X`表示把 $X$ 加 $1$ ，`X--`,`--X`表示把 $X$ 减 $1$ 。

输出最终 $X$ 的值。

感谢@rill7747 提供的翻译

## 题目描述

The classic programming language of Bitland is Bit++. This language is so peculiar and complicated.

The language is that peculiar as it has exactly one variable, called $ x $ . Also, there are two operations:

- Operation ++ increases the value of variable $ x $ by 1.

- Operation -- decreases the value of variable $ x $ by 1.

A statement in language Bit++ is a sequence, consisting of exactly one operation and one variable $ x $ . The statement is written without spaces, that is, it can only contain characters "+", "-", "X". Executing a statement means applying the operation it contains.

A programme in Bit++ is a sequence of statements, each of them needs to be executed. Executing a programme means executing all the statements it contains.

You're given a programme in language Bit++. The initial value of $ x $ is $ 0 $ . Execute the programme and find its final value (the value of the variable when this programme is executed).

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $ n $ $ (1<=n<=150) $ — the number of statements in the programme.

Next $ n $ lines contain a statement each. Each statement contains exactly one operation (++ or --) and exactly one variable $ x $ (denoted as letter «X»). Thus, there are no empty statements. The operation and the variable can be written in any order.

### 输出格式

Print a single integer — the final value of $ x $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
++X

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
2
X++
--X

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0

```
