# XOR and OR

## 题意翻译

给定两个$01$ 串$,$ 问$A$ 是否可以通过相邻两位的异或和或操作得到$B$ 串。

>异或$:01/10\to11,11\to10/01$

>或$:10/01\to11$

感谢@Kelin 提供的翻译

## 题目描述

The Bitlandians are quite weird people. They do everything differently. They have a different alphabet so they have a different definition for a string.

A Bitlandish string is a string made only of characters "0" and "1".

BitHaval (the mayor of Bitland) loves to play with Bitlandish strings. He takes some Bitlandish string $ a $ , and applies several (possibly zero) operations to it. In one operation the mayor may take any two adjacent characters of a string, define one of them as $ x $ and the other one as $ y $ . Then he calculates two values $ p $ and $ q $ : $ p=x xor y $ , $ q=x or y $ . Then he replaces one of the two taken characters by $ p $ and the other one by $ q $ .

The $ xor $ operation means the bitwise excluding OR operation. The $ or $ operation is the bitwise OR operation.

So for example one operation can transform string 11 to string 10 or to string 01. String 1 cannot be transformed into any other string.

You've got two Bitlandish strings $ a $ and $ b $ . Your task is to check if it is possible for BitHaval to transform string $ a $ to string $ b $ in several (possibly zero) described operations.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains Bitlandish string $ a $ , the second line contains Bitlandish string $ b $ . The strings can have different lengths.

It is guaranteed that the given strings only consist of characters "0" and "1". The strings are not empty, their length doesn't exceed $ 10^{6} $ .

### 输出格式

Print "YES" if $ a $ can be transformed into $ b $ , otherwise print "NO". Please do not print the quotes.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
11
10

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1
01

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
NO

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
000
101

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
NO

```
