# Yaroslav and Algorithm

## 题目描述

Yaroslav likes algorithms. We'll describe one of his favorite algorithms.

1. The algorithm receives a string as the input. We denote this input string as $ a $ .

2. The algorithm consists of some number of command. Сommand number $ i $ looks either as $ s_{i} $ >> $ w_{i} $ , or as $ s_{i} $  $ w_{i} $ , where $ s_{i} $ and $ w_{i} $ are some possibly empty strings of length at most $ 7 $ , consisting of digits and characters "?".

3. At each iteration, the algorithm looks for a command with the minimum index $ i $ , such that $ s_{i} $ occurs in $ a $ as a substring. If this command is not found the algorithm terminates.

4. Let's denote the number of the found command as $ k $ . In string $ a $ the first occurrence of the string $ s_{k} $ is replaced by string $ w_{k} $ . If the found command at that had form $ s_{k} $ >> $ w_{k} $ , then the algorithm continues its execution and proceeds to the next iteration. Otherwise, the algorithm terminates.

5. The value of string $ a $ after algorithm termination is considered to be the output of the algorithm.

Yaroslav has a set of $ n $ positive integers, he needs to come up with his favorite algorithm that will increase each of the given numbers by one. More formally, if we consider each number as a string representing the decimal representation of the number, then being run on each of these strings separately, the algorithm should receive the output string that is a recording of the corresponding number increased by one.

Help Yaroslav.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains integer $ n $ $ (1<=n<=100) $ — the number of elements in the set. The next $ n $ lines contains one positive integer each. All the given numbers are less than $ 10^{25} $ .

### 输出格式

Print the algorithm which can individually increase each number of the set. In the $ i $ -th line print the command number $ i $ without spaces.

Your algorithm will be launched for each of these numbers. The answer will be considered correct if:

- Each line will a correct algorithm command (see the description in the problem statement).

- The number of commands should not exceed $ 50 $ .

- The algorithm will increase each of the given numbers by one.

- To get a respond, the algorithm will perform no more than $ 200 $ iterations for each number.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2
10
79

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
10&amp;lt;&amp;gt;11
79&amp;lt;&amp;gt;80

```
