# Apple Tree

## 题意翻译

给一棵树，树的每个叶子节点上有权值，定义一颗树平衡：对于每一个结点u的子树都拥有相同的权值之和，问至少要减掉多少权值才能使树平衡

## 题目描述

You are given a rooted tree with $ n $ vertices. In each leaf vertex there's a single integer — the number of apples in this vertex.

The weight of a subtree is the sum of all numbers in this subtree leaves. For instance, the weight of a subtree that corresponds to some leaf is the number written in the leaf.

A tree is balanced if for every vertex $ v $ of the tree all its subtrees, corresponding to the children of vertex $ v $ , are of equal weight.

Count the minimum number of apples that you need to remove from the tree (specifically, from some of its leaves) in order to make the tree balanced. Notice that you can always achieve the goal by just removing all apples.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains integer $ n $ $ (2<=n<=10^{5}) $ , showing the number of vertices in the tree. The next line contains $ n $ integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ $ (0<=a_{i}<=10^{8}) $ , $ a_{i} $ is the number of apples in the vertex number $ i $ . The number of apples in non-leaf vertices is guaranteed to be zero.

Then follow $ n-1 $ lines, describing the tree edges. Each line contains a pair of integers $ x_{i},y_{i} $ ( $ 1<=x_{i},y_{i}<=n,x_{i}≠y_{i} $ ) — the vertices connected by an edge.

The vertices are indexed from 1 to $ n $ . Vertex 1 is the root.

### 输出格式

Print a single integer — the minimum number of apples to remove in order to make the tree balanced.

Please, do not write the %lld specifier to read or write 64-bit integers in С++. It is preferred to use the sin, cout streams cin, cout or the %I64d specifier.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
6
0 0 12 13 5 6
1 2
1 3
1 4
2 5
2 6

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
6
```


