# Neatness

## 题目描述

Simon loves neatness. So before he goes to bed, Simon wants to complete all chores in the house.

Simon's house looks like a rectangular table consisting of $ n $ rows and $ n $ columns from above. All rows of the table are numbered from $ 1 $ to $ n $ from top to bottom. All columns of the table are numbered from $ 1 $ to $ n $ from left to right. Each cell of the table is a room. Pair $ (x,y) $ denotes the room, located at the intersection of the $ x $ -th row and the $ y $ -th column. For each room we know if the light is on or not there.

Initially Simon is in room $ (x_{0},y_{0}) $ . He wants to turn off the lights in all the rooms in the house, and then return to room $ (x_{0},y_{0}) $ . Suppose that at the current moment Simon is in the room $ (x,y) $ . To reach the desired result, he can perform the following steps:

1. The format of the action is "1". The action is to turn on the light in room $ (x,y) $ . Simon cannot do it if the room already has light on.

2. The format of the action is "2". The action is to turn off the light in room $ (x,y) $ . Simon cannot do it if the room already has light off.

3. The format of the action is "dir" ( $ dir $ is a character). The action is to move to a side-adjacent room in direction $ dir $ . The direction can be left, right, up or down (the corresponding dir is L, R, U or D). Additionally, Simon can move only if he see a light in the direction $ dir $ . More formally, if we represent the room, Simon wants to go, as $ (nx,ny) $ , there shold be an integer $ k $ $ (k&gt;0) $ , that room $ (x+(nx-x)k,y+(ny-y)k) $ has a light. Of course, Simon cannot move out of his house.

Help Simon, find the sequence of actions that lets him achieve the desired result.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains three positive integers $ n,x_{0},y_{0} $ $ (2<=n<=500,1<=x_{0},y_{0}<=n) $ .

Next $ n $ lines contain the description of rooms in the house. The $ i $ -th line contains $ n $ space-separated integers $ a_{i1},a_{i2},...,a_{in} $ . If number $ a_{ij} $ equals zero, then room $ (i,j) $ has light off, and if number $ a_{ij} $ equals one, then room $ (i,j) $ has light on. It is guaranteed that at least one room has light on.

### 输出格式

If there is no desired sequence of actions, print "NO" (without the quotes). Otherwise, print "YES" (without the quotes) and the description of the required sequence of actions as a string. Note that you do not have to minimize the length of the sequence of actions but you shouldn't use more than $ 3·10^{6} $ actions.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 1 1
1 0 0
0 1 0
1 0 0

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES
D1R2L2D2UU2

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3 1 1
1 0 0
0 1 0
0 0 1

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
NO

```
