# Resort

## 题目描述

Valera's finally decided to go on holiday! He packed up and headed for a ski resort.

Valera's fancied a ski trip but he soon realized that he could get lost in this new place. Somebody gave him a useful hint: the resort has $ n $ objects (we will consider the objects indexed in some way by integers from $ 1 $ to $ n $ ), each object is either a hotel or a mountain.

Valera has also found out that the ski resort had multiple ski tracks. Specifically, for each object $ v $ , the resort has at most one object $ u $ , such that there is a ski track built from object $ u $ to object $ v $ . We also know that no hotel has got a ski track leading from the hotel to some object.

Valera is afraid of getting lost on the resort. So he wants you to come up with a path he would walk along. The path must consist of objects $ v_{1},v_{2},...,v_{k} $ ( $ k>=1 $ ) and meet the following conditions:

1. Objects with numbers $ v_{1},v_{2},...,v_{k-1} $ are mountains and the object with number $ v_{k} $ is the hotel.

2. For any integer $ i $ $ (1

3. The path contains as many objects as possible ( $ k $ is maximal).

Help Valera. Find such path that meets all the criteria of our hero!

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains integer $ n $ ( $ 1<=n

The second line contains $ n $ space-separated integers $ type_{1},type_{2},...,type_{n} $ — the types of the objects. If $ type_{i} $ equals zero, then the $ i $ -th object is the mountain. If $ type_{i} $ equals one, then the $ i $ -th object is the hotel. It is guaranteed that at least one object is a hotel.

The third line of the input contains $ n $ space-separated integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 0<=a_{i}<=n $ ) — the description of the ski tracks. If number $ a_{i} $ equals zero, then there is no such object $ v $ , that has a ski track built from $ v $ to $ i $ . If number $ a_{i} $ doesn't equal zero, that means that there is a track built from object $ a_{i} $ to object $ i $ .

### 输出格式

In the first line print $ k $ — the maximum possible path length for Valera. In the second line print $ k $ integers $ v_{1},v_{2},...,v_{k} $ — the path. If there are multiple solutions, you can print any of them.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
0 0 0 0 1
0 1 2 3 4

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
5
1 2 3 4 5

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
5
0 0 1 0 1
0 1 2 2 4

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
2
4 5

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
4
1 0 0 0
2 3 4 2

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
1
1

```
