# George and Round

## 题意翻译

输入n和m(1<=n,m<=3000)，a数组和b数组（a数组长度为n，b数组长度为m，每个数最大为10^6），求还要添加多少个数，才能使得a数组中的每个数都在b数组中出现至少一次。

## 题目描述

George decided to prepare a Codesecrof round, so he has prepared $ m $ problems for the round. Let's number the problems with integers $ 1 $ through $ m $ . George estimates the $ i $ -th problem's complexity by integer $ b_{i} $ .

To make the round good, he needs to put at least $ n $ problems there. Besides, he needs to have at least one problem with complexity exactly $ a_{1} $ , at least one with complexity exactly $ a_{2} $ , ..., and at least one with complexity exactly $ a_{n} $ . Of course, the round can also have problems with other complexities.

George has a poor imagination. It's easier for him to make some already prepared problem simpler than to come up with a new one and prepare it. George is magnificent at simplifying problems. He can simplify any already prepared problem with complexity $ c $ to any positive integer complexity $ d $ ( $ c>=d $ ), by changing limits on the input data.

However, nothing is so simple. George understood that even if he simplifies some problems, he can run out of problems for a good round. That's why he decided to find out the minimum number of problems he needs to come up with in addition to the $ m $ he's prepared in order to make a good round. Note that George can come up with a new problem of any complexity.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n $ and $ m $ ( $ 1<=n,m<=3000 $ ) — the minimal number of problems in a good round and the number of problems George's prepared. The second line contains space-separated integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{1}&lt;a_{2}&lt;...&lt;a_{n}<=10^{6} $ ) — the requirements for the complexity of the problems in a good round. The third line contains space-separated integers $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{m} $ ( $ 1<=b_{1}<=b_{2}...<=b_{m}<=10^{6} $ ) — the complexities of the problems prepared by George.

### 输出格式

Print a single integer — the answer to the problem.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 5
1 2 3
1 2 2 3 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
0

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3 5
1 2 3
1 1 1 1 1

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
2

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
3 1
2 3 4
1

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
3

```
## 说明

In the first sample the set of the prepared problems meets the requirements for a good round.

In the second sample, it is enough to come up with and prepare two problems with complexities $ 2 $ and $ 3 $ to get a good round.

In the third sample it is very easy to get a good round if come up with and prepare extra problems with complexities: $ 2,3,4 $ .

