# Devu and Partitioning of the Array

## 题意翻译

(题干概括）

你有n个数，a1，a2，……，an

给出k和p，要求将这些数分成k堆，其中p堆的每堆中所有数之和为偶数，其余k-p堆的每堆中所有数之和为奇数

输入：n，k，p（1≤k≤n≤10^5，0≤p≤k），a1，a2，……，an（int范围内）

输出：一种方案，无解输出"NO"

## 题目描述

Devu being a small kid, likes to play a lot, but he only likes to play with arrays. While playing he came up with an interesting question which he could not solve, can you please solve it for him?

Given an array consisting of distinct integers. Is it possible to partition the whole array into $ k $ disjoint non-empty parts such that $ p $ of the parts have even sum (each of them must have even sum) and remaining $ k $ - $ p $ have odd sum? (note that parts need not to be continuous).

If it is possible to partition the array, also give any possible way of valid partitioning.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line will contain three space separated integers $ n $ , $ k $ , $ p $ ( $ 1<=k<=n<=10^{5}; 0<=p<=k $ ). The next line will contain $ n $ space-separated distinct integers representing the content of array $ a $ : $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=10^{9} $ ).

### 输出格式

In the first line print "YES" (without the quotes) if it is possible to partition the array in the required way. Otherwise print "NO" (without the quotes).

If the required partition exists, print $ k $ lines after the first line. The $ i^{th} $ of them should contain the content of the $ i^{th} $ part. Print the content of the part in the line in the following way: firstly print the number of elements of the part, then print all the elements of the part in arbitrary order. There must be exactly $ p $ parts with even sum, each of the remaining $ k $ - $ p $ parts must have odd sum.

As there can be multiple partitions, you are allowed to print any valid partition.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5 5 3
2 6 10 5 9

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES
1 9
1 5
1 10
1 6
1 2

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
5 5 3
7 14 2 9 5

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
NO

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
5 3 1
1 2 3 7 5

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
YES
3 5 1 3
1 7
1 2

```
