# Andrey and Problem

## 题意翻译

Andrey请教朋友OI题，他知道第$i$个朋友解答出问题题的概率$p_{i}$。

他只想让朋友解答出且仅解答出1道题。

求概率最大。

## 题目描述

Andrey needs one more problem to conduct a programming contest. He has $ n $ friends who are always willing to help. He can ask some of them to come up with a contest problem. Andrey knows one value for each of his fiends — the probability that this friend will come up with a problem if Andrey asks him.

Help Andrey choose people to ask. As he needs only one problem, Andrey is going to be really upset if no one comes up with a problem or if he gets more than one problem from his friends. You need to choose such a set of people that maximizes the chances of Andrey not getting upset.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains a single integer $ n $ $ (1<=n<=100) $ — the number of Andrey's friends. The second line contains $ n $ real numbers $ p_{i} $ $ (0.0<=p_{i}<=1.0) $ — the probability that the $ i $ -th friend can come up with a problem. The probabilities are given with at most 6 digits after decimal point.

### 输出格式

Print a single real number — the probability that Andrey won't get upset at the optimal choice of friends. The answer will be considered valid if it differs from the correct one by at most $ 10^{-9} $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4
0.1 0.2 0.3 0.8

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
0.800000000000

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
2
0.1 0.2

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0.260000000000

```
## 说明

In the first sample the best strategy for Andrey is to ask only one of his friends, the most reliable one.

In the second sample the best strategy for Andrey is to ask all of his friends to come up with a problem. Then the probability that he will get exactly one problem is $ 0.1·0.8+0.9·0.2=0.26 $ .

