# Caisa and Tree

## 题目描述

Caisa is now at home and his son has a simple task for him.

Given a rooted tree with $ n $ vertices, numbered from $ 1 $ to $ n $ (vertex $ 1 $ is the root). Each vertex of the tree has a value. You should answer $ q $ queries. Each query is one of the following:

- Format of the query is "1 $ v $ ". Let's write out the sequence of vertices along the path from the root to vertex $ v $ : $ u_{1},u_{2},...,u_{k} $ $ (u_{1}=1; u_{k}=v) $ . You need to output such a vertex $ u_{i} $ that $ gcd(value of u_{i},value of v)&gt;1 $ and $ i&lt;k $ . If there are several possible vertices $ u_{i} $ pick the one with maximum value of $ i $ . If there is no such vertex output -1.

- Format of the query is "2 $ v $ $ w $ ". You must change the value of vertex $ v $ to $ w $ .

You are given all the queries, help Caisa to solve the problem.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two space-separated integers $ n $ , $ q $ $ (1<=n,q<=10^{5}) $ .

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ $ (1<=a_{i}<=2·10^{6}) $ , where $ a_{i} $ represent the value of node $ i $ .

Each of the next $ n-1 $ lines contains two integers $ x_{i} $ and $ y_{i} $ $ (1<=x_{i},y_{i}<=n; x_{i}≠y_{i}) $ , denoting the edge of the tree between vertices $ x_{i} $ and $ y_{i} $ .

Each of the next $ q $ lines contains a query in the format that is given above. For each query the following inequalities hold: $ 1<=v<=n $ and $ 1<=w<=2·10^{6} $ . Note that: there are no more than $ 50 $ queries that changes the value of a vertex.

### 输出格式

For each query of the first type output the result of the query.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4 6
10 8 4 3
1 2
2 3
3 4
1 1
1 2
1 3
1 4
2 1 9
1 4

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
-1
1
2
-1
1

```
## 说明

 $ gcd(x,y) $ is greatest common divisor of two integers $ x $ and $ y $ .

