# Caisa and Pylons

## 题目描述

Caisa solved the problem with the sugar and now he is on the way back to home.

Caisa is playing a mobile game during his path. There are $ (n+1) $ pylons numbered from $ 0 $ to $ n $ in this game. The pylon with number $ 0 $ has zero height, the pylon with number $ i $ $ (i&gt;0) $ has height $ h_{i} $ . The goal of the game is to reach $ n $ -th pylon, and the only move the player can do is to jump from the current pylon (let's denote its number as $ k $ ) to the next one (its number will be $ k+1 $ ). When the player have made such a move, its energy increases by $ h_{k}-h_{k+1} $ (if this value is negative the player loses energy). The player must have non-negative amount of energy at any moment of the time.

Initially Caisa stand at $ 0 $ pylon and has $ 0 $ energy. The game provides a special opportunity: one can pay a single dollar and increase the height of anyone pylon by one. Caisa may use that opportunity several times, but he doesn't want to spend too much money. What is the minimal amount of money he must paid to reach the goal of the game?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains integer $ n $ $ (1<=n<=10^{5}) $ . The next line contains $ n $ integers $ h_{1} $ , $ h_{2} $ , ..., $ h_{n} $ $ (1<=h_{i}<=10^{5}) $ representing the heights of the pylons.

### 输出格式

Print a single number representing the minimum number of dollars paid by Caisa.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
3 4 3 2 4

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
4

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3
4 4 4

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
4

```
## 说明

In the first sample he can pay $ 4 $ dollars and increase the height of pylon with number $ 0 $ by $ 4 $ units. Then he can safely pass to the last pylon.

