# LIS of Sequence

## 题意翻译

# 题意：

给你一个长度为n的序列a1,a2,...,an，你需要把这n个元素分成三类：1，2，3：

1:所有的最长上升子序列都不包含这个元素

2:有但非所有的最长上升子序列包含这个元素

3:所有的最长上升子序列都包含这个元素

# 输入格式：

第一行包含一个正整数n，表示序列的长度。第二行包含n个正整数a1,a2,...,an，表示序列中的元素。

# 输出格式：

一行，包含一个长度为n的、由1,2,3三种数字组成的字符串，第i个数字表示ai所属类别。

# 数据范围：

1≤n≤10^5

1≤ai≤10^5

## 题目描述

The next "Data Structures and Algorithms" lesson will be about Longest Increasing Subsequence (LIS for short) of a sequence. For better understanding, Nam decided to learn it a few days before the lesson.

Nam created a sequence $ a $ consisting of $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=10^{5} $ ) elements $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=10^{5} $ ). A subsequence $ a_{i1},a_{i2},...,a_{ik} $ where $ 1<=i_{1}<i_{2}<...<i_{k}<=n $ is called increasing if $ a_{i1}<a_{i2}<a_{i3}<...<a_{ik} $ . An increasing subsequence is called longest if it has maximum length among all increasing subsequences. Nam realizes that a sequence may have several longest increasing subsequences. Hence, he divides all indexes $ i $ ( $ 1<=i<=n $ ), into three groups: 1. group of all $ i $ such that $ a_{i} $ belongs to no longest increasing subsequences. 2. group of all $ i $ such that $ a_{i} $ belongs to at least one but not every longest increasing subsequence. 3. group of all $ i $ such that $ a_{i} $ belongs to every longest increasing subsequence. Since the number of longest increasing subsequences of $ a $ may be very large, categorizing process is very difficult. Your task is to help him finish this job.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The next "Data Structures and Algorithms" lesson will be about Longest Increasing Subsequence (LIS for short) of a sequence. For better understanding, Nam decided to learn it a few days before the lesson.

Nam created a sequence $ a $ consisting of $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=10^{5} $ ) elements $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=10^{5} $ ). A subsequence $ a_{i1},a_{i2},...,a_{ik} $ where $ 1<=i_{1}<i_{2}<...<i_{k}<=n $ is called increasing if $ a_{i1}<a_{i2}<a_{i3}<...<a_{ik} $ . An increasing subsequence is called longest if it has maximum length among all increasing subsequences. Nam realizes that a sequence may have several longest increasing subsequences. Hence, he divides all indexes $ i $ ( $ 1<=i<=n $ ), into three groups: 1. group of all $ i $ such that $ a_{i} $ belongs to no longest increasing subsequences. 2. group of all $ i $ such that $ a_{i} $ belongs to at least one but not every longest increasing subsequence. 3. group of all $ i $ such that $ a_{i} $ belongs to every longest increasing subsequence. Since the number of longest increasing subsequences of $ a $ may be very large, categorizing process is very difficult. Your task is to help him finish this job.

### 输出格式

Print a string consisting of $ n $ characters. $ i $ -th character should be '1', '2' or '3' depending on which group among listed above index $ i $ belongs to.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
4

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
4
1 3 2 5

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
3223

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
4
1 5 2 3

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
3133

```
## 说明

The next "Data Structures and Algorithms" lesson will be about Longest Increasing Subsequence (LIS for short) of a sequence. For better understanding, Nam decided to learn it a few days before the lesson.

Nam created a sequence $ a $ consisting of $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=10^{5} $ ) elements $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=10^{5} $ ). A subsequence $ a_{i1},a_{i2},...,a_{ik} $ where $ 1<=i_{1}<i_{2}<...<i_{k}<=n $ is called increasing if $ a_{i1}<a_{i2}<a_{i3}<...<a_{ik} $ . An increasing subsequence is called longest if it has maximum length among all increasing subsequences. Nam realizes that a sequence may have several longest increasing subsequences. Hence, he divides all indexes $ i $ ( $ 1<=i<=n $ ), into three groups: 1. group of all $ i $ such that $ a_{i} $ belongs to no longest increasing subsequences. 2. group of all $ i $ such that $ a_{i} $ belongs to at least one but not every longest increasing subsequence. 3. group of all $ i $ such that $ a_{i} $ belongs to every longest increasing subsequence. Since the number of longest increasing subsequences of $ a $ may be very large, categorizing process is very difficult. Your task is to help him finish this job.

