# Kindergarten

## 题意翻译

有一组数，你要把他分成若干连续段。每一段的值，定义为这一段

数中最大值与最小值的差。

求一种分法，使得这若干段的值的和最大。

N < 1e6, a[i] < 1e9。

## 题目描述

In a kindergarten, the children are being divided into groups. The teacher put the children in a line and associated each child with his or her integer charisma value. Each child should go to exactly one group. Each group should be a nonempty segment of consecutive children of a line. A group's sociability is the maximum difference of charisma of two children in the group (in particular, if the group consists of one child, its sociability equals a zero).

The teacher wants to divide the children into some number of groups in such way that the total sociability of the groups is maximum. Help him find this value.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

In a kindergarten, the children are being divided into groups. The teacher put the children in a line and associated each child with his or her integer charisma value. Each child should go to exactly one group. Each group should be a nonempty segment of consecutive children of a line. A group's sociability is the maximum difference of charisma of two children in the group (in particular, if the group consists of one child, its sociability equals a zero).

The teacher wants to divide the children into some number of groups in such way that the total sociability of the groups is maximum. Help him find this value.

### 输出格式

Print the maximum possible total sociability of all groups.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
1 2 3 1 2

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3
3 3 3

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0

```
## 说明

In the first test sample one of the possible variants of an division is following: the first three children form a group with sociability 2, and the two remaining children form a group with sociability 1.

In the second test sample any division leads to the same result, the sociability will be equal to 0 in each group.

