# Vasya and Basketball

## 题目描述

Vasya follows a basketball game and marks the distances from which each team makes a throw. He knows that each successful throw has value of either 2 or 3 points. A throw is worth 2 points if the distance it was made from doesn't exceed some value of $ d $ meters, and a throw is worth 3 points if the distance is larger than $ d $ meters, where $ d $ is some non-negative integer.

Vasya would like the advantage of the points scored by the first team (the points of the first team minus the points of the second team) to be maximum. For that he can mentally choose the value of $ d $ . Help him to do that.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Vasya follows a basketball game and marks the distances from which each team makes a throw. He knows that each successful throw has value of either 2 or 3 points. A throw is worth 2 points if the distance it was made from doesn't exceed some value of $ d $ meters, and a throw is worth 3 points if the distance is larger than $ d $ meters, where $ d $ is some non-negative integer.

Vasya would like the advantage of the points scored by the first team (the points of the first team minus the points of the second team) to be maximum. For that he can mentally choose the value of $ d $ . Help him to do that.

### 输出格式

Print two numbers in the format a:b — the score that is possible considering the problem conditions where the result of subtraction $ a-b $ is maximum. If there are several such scores, find the one in which number $ a $ is maximum.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
1 2 3
2
5 6

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
9:6

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
5
6 7 8 9 10
5
1 2 3 4 5

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
15:10

```
