# New York Hotel

## 题意翻译

将纽约视为N∗M的矩阵，单位长度为1。两点之间的距离是他们的曼哈顿距离。

现在有c个人各自住在c个酒店。他们要搞一个聚会。一共有h个餐厅可供选择，他们希望最远的人到餐厅的距离尽量小。

## 题目描述

Think of New York as a rectangular grid consisting of $ N $ vertical avenues numerated from $ 1 $ to $ N $ and $ M $ horizontal streets numerated $ 1 $ to $ M $ . $ C $ friends are staying at $ C $ hotels located at some street-avenue crossings. They are going to celebrate birthday of one of them in the one of $ H $ restaurants also located at some street-avenue crossings. They also want that the maximum distance covered by one of them while traveling to the restaurant to be minimum possible. Help friends choose optimal restaurant for a celebration.

Suppose that the distance between neighboring crossings are all the same equal to one kilometer.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ N $ и $ M $ — size of the city ( $ 1<=N,M<=10^{9} $ ). In the next line there is a single integer $ C $ ( $ 1<=C<=10^{5} $ ) — the number of hotels friends stayed at. Following $ C $ lines contain descriptions of hotels, each consisting of two coordinates $ x $ and $ y $ ( $ 1<=x<=N $ , $ 1<=y<=M $ ). The next line contains an integer $ H $ — the number of restaurants ( $ 1<=H<=10^{5} $ ). Following $ H $ lines contain descriptions of restaurants in the same format.

Several restaurants and hotels may be located near the same crossing.

### 输出格式

In the first line output the optimal distance. In the next line output index of a restaurant that produces this optimal distance. If there are several possibilities, you are allowed to output any of them.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
10 10
2
1 1
3 3
2
1 10
4 4

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
6
2

```
