# Summer Dichotomy

## 题意翻译

将若干个学生分为两个班级$S_1,S_2$，每个班的学生数分别为$n_1,n_2$（甚至可以没有学生，也可以没有老师）。给出限制$t_{\min},t_{\max}$，要求$t_{\min}\le n_1+n_2\le t_{\max}$。有$n(n\le10^5)$个老师，每个老师希望他所任教的班级人数在$[l_i,r_i]$范围内。有$m(m\le10^5)$对老师之间有一些私人恩怨，不能分在一个班级。问是否存在合法的分班方案。如果有，求出其中的任意一种，输出每个班的总人数以及各个老师所任教的班级。

Translated by @skylee 

## 题目描述

 $ T $ students applied into the ZPP class of Summer Irrelevant School. The organizing committee of the school may enroll any number of them, but at least $ t $ students must be enrolled. The enrolled students should be divided into two groups in any manner (it is possible that one of the groups will be empty!)

During a shift the students from the ZPP grade are tutored by $ n $ teachers. Due to the nature of the educational process, each of the teachers should be assigned to exactly one of two groups (it is possible that no teacher will be assigned to some of the groups!). The $ i $ -th teacher is willing to work in a group as long as the group will have at least $ l_{i} $ and at most $ r_{i} $ students (otherwise it would be either too boring or too hard). Besides, some pairs of the teachers don't like each other other and therefore can not work in the same group; in total there are $ m $ pairs of conflicting teachers.

You, as the head teacher of Summer Irrelevant School, have got a difficult task: to determine how many students to enroll in each of the groups and in which group each teacher will teach.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two space-separated integers, $ t $ and $ T $ ( $ 1<=t<=T<=10^{9} $ ).

The second line contains two space-separated integers $ n $ and $ m $ ( $ 1<=n<=10^{5} $ , $ 0<=m<=10^{5} $ ).

The $ i $ -th of the next $ n $ lines contain integers $ l_{i} $ and $ r_{i} $ ( $ 0<=l_{i}<=r_{i}<=10^{9} $ ).

The next $ m $ lines describe the pairs of conflicting teachers. Each of these lines contain two space-separated integers — the indices of teachers in the pair. The teachers are indexed starting from one. It is guaranteed that no teacher has a conflict with himself and no pair of conflicting teachers occurs in the list more than once.

### 输出格式

If the distribution is possible, print in the first line a single word 'POSSIBLE' (without the quotes). In the second line print two space-separated integers $ n_{1} $ and $ n_{2} $ — the number of students in the first and second group, correspondingly, the contstraint $ t<=n_{1}+n_{2}<=T $ should be met. In the third line print $ n $ characters, the $ i $ -th of which should be 1 or 2, if the $ i $ -th teacher should be assigned to the first or second group, correspondingly. If there are multiple possible distributions of students and teachers in groups, you can print any of them.

If the sought distribution doesn't exist, print a single word 'IMPOSSIBLE' (without the quotes).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
10 20
3 0
3 6
4 9
16 25

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
POSSIBLE
4 16
112

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1 10
3 3
0 10
0 10
0 10
1 2
1 3
2 3

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
IMPOSSIBLE

```
