# Place Your Ad Here

## 题意翻译

【问题描述】

有N个广告和M个电视台，第i个广告只能在[li,ri]内播放，第j个电视台会在时间段[aj,bj]播出，并且有cj个人收看。选择第x个广告和第y个电视台的收益为(v-u)*cy，其中[u,v]为[lx,rx]和[ay,by]的交集

求最大收益

【输入格式】

第一行两个正整数N,M

接下来N行，每行两个非负整数li，ri（li<=ri<=10^9）

接下来M行，每行两个非负整数aj，bj（aj<=bj<=10^9）和一个正整数cj（cj<=10^9）

【样例输入】

2 3

8 10

2 5

3 9 2

1 5 1

9 10 3

【样例输出】

4

【样例解释】

选择第二个广告和第一个电视台

【数据规模】

对于100%的数据，

n<=200000,m<=200000

## 题目描述

Ivan Anatolyevich's agency is starting to become famous in the town.

They have already ordered and made $ n $ TV commercial videos. Each video is made in a special way: the colors and the soundtrack are adjusted to the time of the day and the viewers' mood. That's why the $ i $ -th video can only be shown within the time range of $ [l_{i},r_{i}] $ (it is not necessary to use the whole segment but the broadcast time should be within this segment).

Now it's time to choose a TV channel to broadcast the commercial. Overall, there are $ m $ TV channels broadcasting in the city, the $ j $ -th one has $ c_{j} $ viewers, and is ready to sell time $ [a_{j},b_{j}] $ to broadcast the commercial.

Ivan Anatolyevich is facing a hard choice: he has to choose exactly one video $ i $ and exactly one TV channel $ j $ to broadcast this video and also a time range to broadcast $ [x,y] $ . At that the time range should be chosen so that it is both within range $ [l_{i},r_{i}] $ and within range $ [a_{j},b_{j}] $ .

Let's define the efficiency of the broadcast as value $ (y-x)·c_{j} $ — the total sum of time that all the viewers of the TV channel are going to spend watching the commercial. Help Ivan Anatolyevich choose the broadcast with the maximum efficiency!

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n $ and $ m $ ( $ 1<=n,m<=2·10^{5} $ ) — the number of commercial videos and channels, respectively.

Each of the following $ n $ lines contains two integers $ l_{i} $ , $ r_{i} $ ( $ 0<=l_{i}<=r_{i}<=10^{9} $ ) — the segment of time when it is possible to show the corresponding video.

Each of the following $ m $ lines contains three integers $ a_{j} $ , $ b_{j} $ , $ c_{j} $ ( $ 0<=a_{j}<=b_{j}<=10^{9} $ , $ 1<=c_{j}<=10^{9} $ ), characterizing the TV channel.

### 输出格式

In the first line print an integer — the maximum possible efficiency of the broadcast. If there is no correct way to get a strictly positive efficiency, print a zero.

If the maximum efficiency is strictly positive, in the second line also print the number of the video $ i $ ( $ 1<=i<=n $ ) and the number of the TV channel $ j $ ( $ 1<=j<=m $ ) in the most effective broadcast.

If there are multiple optimal answers, you can print any of them.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2 3
7 9
1 4
2 8 2
0 4 1
8 9 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
4
2 1

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1 1
0 0
1 1 10

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0

```
## 说明

In the first sample test the most optimal solution is to show the second commercial using the first TV channel at time $ [2,4] $ . The efficiency of such solution is equal to $ (4-2)·2=4 $ .

In the second sample test Ivan Anatolievich's wish does not meet the options of the TV channel, the segments do not intersect, so the answer is zero.

