# Vanya and Scales

## 题意翻译

题意：

能否通过w的幂次的加减得到m.

输入格式：

一行两个整数w,m.

输出格式：

YES or NO

数据范围：

w:[2,1e9]

m:[1,1e9]

注意:

None.

翻译贡献者UID：27029

## 题目描述

Vanya has a scales for weighing loads and weights of masses $ w^{0},w^{1},w^{2},...,w^{100} $ grams where $ w $ is some integer not less than $ 2 $ (exactly one weight of each nominal value). Vanya wonders whether he can weight an item with mass $ m $ using the given weights, if the weights can be put on both pans of the scales. Formally speaking, your task is to determine whether it is possible to place an item of mass $ m $ and some weights on the left pan of the scales, and some weights on the right pan of the scales so that the pans of the scales were in balance.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ w,m $ ( $ 2<=w<=10^{9} $ , $ 1<=m<=10^{9} $ ) — the number defining the masses of the weights and the mass of the item.

### 输出格式

Print word 'YES' if the item can be weighted and 'NO' if it cannot.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 7

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
100 99

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
YES

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
100 50

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
NO

```
## 说明

Note to the first sample test. One pan can have an item of mass $ 7 $ and a weight of mass $ 3 $ , and the second pan can have two weights of masses $ 9 $ and $ 1 $ , correspondingly. Then $ 7+3=9+1 $ .

Note to the second sample test. One pan of the scales can have an item of mass $ 99 $ and the weight of mass $ 1 $ , and the second pan can have the weight of mass $ 100 $ .

Note to the third sample test. It is impossible to measure the weight of the item in the manner described in the input.

