# Max and Min

## 题目描述

Two kittens, Max and Min, play with a pair of non-negative integers $ x $ and $ y $ . As you can guess from their names, kitten Max loves to maximize and kitten Min loves to minimize. As part of this game Min wants to make sure that both numbers, $ x $ and $ y $ became negative at the same time, and kitten Max tries to prevent him from doing so.

Each kitten has a set of pairs of integers available to it. Kitten Max has $ n $ pairs of non-negative integers $ (a_{i},b_{i}) $ ( $ 1<=i<=n $ ), and kitten Min has $ m $ pairs of non-negative integers $ (c_{j},d_{j}) $ ( $ 1<=j<=m $ ). As kitten Max makes a move, it can take any available pair $ (a_{i},b_{i}) $ and add $ a_{i} $ to $ x $ and $ b_{i} $ to $ y $ , and kitten Min can take any available pair $ (c_{j},d_{j}) $ and subtract $ c_{j} $ from $ x $ and $ d_{j} $ from $ y $ . Each kitten can use each pair multiple times during distinct moves.

Max moves first. Kitten Min is winning if at some moment both numbers $ a $ , $ b $ are negative simultaneously. Otherwise, the winner of the game is kitten Max. Determine which kitten wins if both of them play optimally.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers, $ n $ and $ m $ ( $ 1<=n,m<=100000 $ ) — the number of pairs of numbers available to Max and Min, correspondingly.

The second line contains two integers $ x $ , $ y $ ( $ 1<=x,y<=10^{9} $ ) — the initial values of numbers with which the kittens are playing.

Next $ n $ lines contain the pairs of numbers $ a_{i},b_{i} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i},b_{i}<=10^{9} $ ) — the pairs available to Max.

The last $ m $ lines contain pairs of numbers $ c_{j},d_{j} $ ( $ 1<=c_{j},d_{j}<=10^{9} $ ) — the pairs available to Min.

### 输出格式

Print «Max» (without the quotes), if kitten Max wins, or "Min" (without the quotes), if kitten Min wins.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2 2
42 43
2 3
3 2
3 10
10 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
Min

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1 1
1 1
3 4
1 1

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
Max

```
## 说明

In the first test from the statement Min can respond to move $ (2,3) $ by move $ (3,10) $ , and to move $ (3,2) $ by move $ (10,3) $ . Thus, for each pair of Max and Min's moves the values of both numbers $ x $ and $ y $ will strictly decrease, ergo, Min will win sooner or later.

In the second sample test after each pair of Max and Min's moves both numbers $ x $ and $ y $ only increase, thus none of them will become negative.

