# Mausoleum

## 题意翻译

现有1～n的整数各2个，你需要用它们构造一个长为2n的序列A，满足：存在一个位置i，使得A[1]<=A[2]<=…=A[i+1]>=…>=A[2n]。除此之外，还需要满足m个限制：i op j ，其中op是>,=,<=之中的一个，代表A[i]与A[j]需要满足op这个限制。求满足所有条件的序列总数。

## 题目描述

King of Berland Berl IV has recently died. Hail Berl V! As a sign of the highest achievements of the deceased king the new king decided to build a mausoleum with Berl IV's body on the main square of the capital.

The mausoleum will be constructed from $ 2n $ blocks, each of them has the shape of a cuboid. Each block has the bottom base of a $ 1×1 $ meter square. Among the blocks, exactly two of them have the height of one meter, exactly two have the height of two meters, ..., exactly two have the height of $ n $ meters.

The blocks are arranged in a row without spacing one after the other. Of course, not every arrangement of blocks has the form of a mausoleum. In order to make the given arrangement in the form of the mausoleum, it is necessary that when you pass along the mausoleum, from one end to the other, the heights of the blocks first were non-decreasing (i.e., increasing or remained the same), and then — non-increasing (decrease or remained unchanged). It is possible that any of these two areas will be omitted. For example, the following sequences of block height meet this requirement:

- $ [1,2,2,3,4,4,3,1] $ ;

- $ [1,1] $ ;

- $ [2,2,1,1] $ ;

- $ [1,2,3,3,2,1] $ .

Suddenly, $ k $ more requirements appeared. Each of the requirements has the form: " $ h[x_{i}] $ sign $ _{i} $ $ h[y_{i}] $ ", where $ h[t] $ is the height of the $ t $ -th block, and a sign $ _{i} $ is one of the five possible signs: '=' (equals), '' (more than), '=' (more than or equals). Thus, each of the $ k $ additional requirements is given by a pair of indexes $ x_{i} $ , $ y_{i} $ ( $ 1<=x_{i},y_{i}<=2n $ ) and sign sign $ _{i} $ .

Find the number of possible ways to rearrange the blocks so that both the requirement about the shape of the mausoleum (see paragraph 3) and the $ k $ additional requirements were met.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains integers $ n $ and $ k $ ( $ 1<=n<=35 $ , $ 0<=k<=100 $ ) — the number of pairs of blocks and the number of additional requirements.

Next $ k $ lines contain listed additional requirements, one per line in the format " $ x_{i} $ sign $ _{i} $ $ y_{i} $ " ( $ 1<=x_{i},y_{i}<=2n $ ), and the sign is on of the list of the five possible signs.

### 输出格式

Print the sought number of ways.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 0

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
9

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3 1
2 &gt; 3

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
1

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
4 1
3 = 6

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
3

```
