# Task processing

## 题目描述

Vasya wants to create a computing system to process arbitrary tasks. As a part of the system he needs an algorithm which will choose an order of task execution.

He came up with the following algorithm:

- There is a single execution queue. For task to be completed, it needs to be added to the queue.

- For each task two values are known: $ l_{i} $ and $ t_{i} $ — the number of seconds that it takes to complete the task and the moment of time when this task is added to the execution queue.

- If at some moment of time $ T $ the algorithm has to select a task for execution, it picks the one with the minimum value of $ l_{i}-(T-t_{i})^{2} $ . In case of a tie, algorithm picks a task with the lowest index. Then for the following $ l_{i} $ seconds the algorithm will wait for the task to be completed.

In order to test the algorithm Vasya wants you to simulate it.

You are given $ n $ tasks. For each task, you know the number of seconds $ l_{i} $ that it takes to complete the task and the moment of time $ t_{i} $ when this task is added to the execution queue.

For each task find out the moment of time when it will be completed.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains an integer number $ n $ $ (1<=n<=10^{5}) $ — the number of task to process. The next $ n $ lines contain two integers each: $ l_{i},t_{i} $ $ (1<=l_{i}<=10^{5},0<=t_{i}<=10^{5}) $ .

### 输出格式

Print $ n $ space-separated integers. The $ i $ -th integer is the moment of time when the $ i $ -th task was completed.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
10 5

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
15 

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3
3 0
4 3
5 2

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
3 7 12 

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
3
3 0
4 2
5 1

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
3 12 8 

```
### 输入样例 #4

```cpp
6
3 0
5 1
4 2
5 18
4 19
5 14

```
### 输出样例 #4

```cpp
3 8 12 24 28 19 

```
