# Vika and Squares

## 题目描述

Vika has $ n $ jars with paints of distinct colors. All the jars are numbered from $ 1 $ to $ n $ and the $ i $ -th jar contains $ a_{i} $ liters of paint of color $ i $ .

Vika also has an infinitely long rectangular piece of paper of width $ 1 $ , consisting of squares of size $ 1×1 $ . Squares are numbered $ 1 $ , $ 2 $ , $ 3 $ and so on. Vika decided that she will start painting squares one by one from left to right, starting from the square number $ 1 $ and some arbitrary color. If the square was painted in color $ x $ , then the next square will be painted in color $ x+1 $ . In case of $ x=n $ , next square is painted in color $ 1 $ . If there is no more paint of the color Vika wants to use now, then she stops.

Square is always painted in only one color, and it takes exactly $ 1 $ liter of paint. Your task is to calculate the maximum number of squares that might be painted, if Vika chooses right color to paint the first square.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains a single integer $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=200000 $ ) — the number of jars with colors Vika has.

The second line of the input contains a sequence of integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=10^{9} $ ), where $ a_{i} $ is equal to the number of liters of paint in the $ i $ -th jar, i.e. the number of liters of color $ i $ that Vika has.

### 输出格式

The only line of the output should contain a single integer — the maximum number of squares that Vika can paint if she follows the rules described above.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
2 4 2 3 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
12

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3
5 5 5

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
15

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
6
10 10 10 1 10 10

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
11

```
## 说明

In the first sample the best strategy is to start painting using color $ 4 $ . Then the squares will be painted in the following colors (from left to right): 4, 5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.

In the second sample Vika can start to paint using any color.

In the third sample Vika should start painting using color number $ 5 $ .

