# The Labyrinth

## 题意翻译

给你一张图，‘*’表示墙，‘.’表示空地，问每个'*'周围的联通快中‘.’的数量和 mod 10，属于同一个联通快的只计算一次。

## 题目描述

You are given a rectangular field of $ n×m $ cells. Each cell is either empty or impassable (contains an obstacle). Empty cells are marked with '.', impassable cells are marked with '\*'. Let's call two empty cells adjacent if they share a side.

Let's call a connected component any non-extendible set of cells such that any two of them are connected by the path of adjacent cells. It is a typical well-known definition of a connected component.

For each impassable cell $ (x,y) $ imagine that it is an empty cell (all other cells remain unchanged) and find the size (the number of cells) of the connected component which contains $ (x,y) $ . You should do it for each impassable cell independently.

The answer should be printed as a matrix with $ n $ rows and $ m $ columns. The $ j $ -th symbol of the $ i $ -th row should be "." if the cell is empty at the start. Otherwise the $ j $ -th symbol of the $ i $ -th row should contain the only digit —- the answer modulo $ 10 $ . The matrix should be printed without any spaces.

To make your output faster it is recommended to build the output as an array of $ n $ strings having length $ m $ and print it as a sequence of lines. It will be much faster than writing character-by-character.

As input/output can reach huge size it is recommended to use fast input/output methods: for example, prefer to use scanf/printf instead of cin/cout in C++, prefer to use BufferedReader/PrintWriter instead of Scanner/System.out in Java.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n,m $ ( $ 1<=n,m<=1000 $ ) — the number of rows and columns in the field.

Each of the next $ n $ lines contains $ m $ symbols: "." for empty cells, "\*" for impassable cells.

### 输出格式

Print the answer as a matrix as described above. See the examples to precise the format of the output.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 3
*.*
.*.
*.*

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3.3
.5.
3.3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
4 5
**..*
..***
.*.*.
*.*.*

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
46..3
..732
.6.4.
5.4.3

```
## 说明

In first example, if we imagine that the central cell is empty then it will be included to component of size $ 5 $ (cross). If any of the corner cell will be empty then it will be included to component of size $ 3 $ (corner).

