# New Year Tree

## 题意翻译

你有一棵以1为根的有根树，有n个点，每个节点初始有一个颜色c[i]。

有两种操作：

1 v c 将以v为根的子树中所有点颜色更改为c

2 v 查询以v为根的子树中的节点有多少种不同的颜色

翻译贡献者UID：28455

## 题目描述

The New Year holidays are over, but Resha doesn't want to throw away the New Year tree. He invited his best friends Kerim and Gural to help him to redecorate the New Year tree.

The New Year tree is an undirected tree with $ n $ vertices and root in the vertex $ 1 $ .

You should process the queries of the two types:

1. Change the colours of all vertices in the subtree of the vertex $ v $ to the colour $ c $ .

2. Find the number of different colours in the subtree of the vertex $ v $ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n,m $ ( $ 1<=n,m<=4·10^{5} $ ) — the number of vertices in the tree and the number of the queries.

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ c_{i} $ ( $ 1<=c_{i}<=60 $ ) — the colour of the $ i $ -th vertex.

Each of the next $ n-1 $ lines contains two integers $ x_{j},y_{j} $ ( $ 1<=x_{j},y_{j}<=n $ ) — the vertices of the $ j $ -th edge. It is guaranteed that you are given correct undirected tree.

The last $ m $ lines contains the description of the queries. Each description starts with the integer $ t_{k} $ ( $ 1<=t_{k}<=2 $ ) — the type of the $ k $ -th query. For the queries of the first type then follows two integers $ v_{k},c_{k} $ ( $ 1<=v_{k}<=n,1<=c_{k}<=60 $ ) — the number of the vertex whose subtree will be recoloured with the colour $ c_{k} $ . For the queries of the second type then follows integer $ v_{k} $ ( $ 1<=v_{k}<=n $ ) — the number of the vertex for which subtree you should find the number of different colours.

### 输出格式

For each query of the second type print the integer $ a $ — the number of different colours in the subtree of the vertex given in the query.

Each of the numbers should be printed on a separate line in order of query appearing in the input.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
7 10
1 1 1 1 1 1 1
1 2
1 3
1 4
3 5
3 6
3 7
1 3 2
2 1
1 4 3
2 1
1 2 5
2 1
1 6 4
2 1
2 2
2 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2
3
4
5
1
2

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
23 30
1 2 2 6 5 3 2 1 1 1 2 4 5 3 4 4 3 3 3 3 3 4 6
1 2
1 3
1 4
2 5
2 6
3 7
3 8
4 9
4 10
4 11
6 12
6 13
7 14
7 15
7 16
8 17
8 18
10 19
10 20
10 21
11 22
11 23
2 1
2 5
2 6
2 7
2 8
2 9
2 10
2 11
2 4
1 12 1
1 13 1
1 14 1
1 15 1
1 16 1
1 17 1
1 18 1
1 19 1
1 20 1
1 21 1
1 22 1
1 23 1
2 1
2 5
2 6
2 7
2 8
2 9
2 10
2 11
2 4

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
6
1
3
3
2
1
2
3
5
5
1
2
2
1
1
1
2
3

```
