# Mike and Chocolate Thieves

## 题意翻译

有四个小偷去偷巧克力，四个人偷巧克力的个数是一个等比数列.

给你一个 $n$ ，找一个最小数 $t$ ，使得在 $t$ 内有$n$组等比数列成立

## 题目描述

Bad news came to Mike's village, some thieves stole a bunch of chocolates from the local factory! Horrible!

Aside from loving sweet things, thieves from this area are known to be very greedy. So after a thief takes his number of chocolates for himself, the next thief will take exactly $ k $ times more than the previous one. The value of $ k $ ( $ k&gt;1 $ ) is a secret integer known only to them. It is also known that each thief's bag can carry at most $ n $ chocolates (if they intend to take more, the deal is cancelled) and that there were exactly four thieves involved.

Sadly, only the thieves know the value of $ n $ , but rumours say that the numbers of ways they could have taken the chocolates (for a fixed $ n $ , but not fixed $ k $ ) is $ m $ . Two ways are considered different if one of the thieves (they should be numbered in the order they take chocolates) took different number of chocolates in them.

Mike want to track the thieves down, so he wants to know what their bags are and value of $ n $ will help him in that. Please find the smallest possible value of $ n $ or tell him that the rumors are false and there is no such $ n $ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The single line of input contains the integer $ m $ $ (1<=m<=10^{15}) $ — the number of ways the thieves might steal the chocolates, as rumours say.

### 输出格式

Print the only integer $ n $ — the maximum amount of chocolates that thieves' bags can carry. If there are more than one $ n $ satisfying the rumors, print the smallest one.

If there is no such $ n $ for a false-rumoured $ m $ , print $ -1 $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
8

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
8

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
54

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
10

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
-1

```
## 说明

In the first sample case the smallest $ n $ that leads to exactly one way of stealing chocolates is $ n=8 $ , whereas the amounts of stealed chocolates are $ (1,2,4,8) $ (the number of chocolates stolen by each of the thieves).

In the second sample case the smallest $ n $ that leads to exactly $ 8 $ ways is $ n=54 $ with the possibilities: $ (1,2,4,8), (1,3,9,27), (2,4,8,16), (2,6,18,54), (3,6,12,24), (4,8,16,32), (5,10,20,40), (6,12,24,48) $ .

There is no $ n $ leading to exactly $ 10 $ ways of stealing chocolates in the third sample case.

