# Huffman Coding on Segment

## 题意翻译

给一个长为n的串，有q次询问，每次询问一个区间的最小二进制编码长度，即在可以唯一还原的前提下，将这一段子串转化为长度最小的二进制编码。

样例说明：在第一次询问中最优策略是将1对应到0将2对应到10将3对应到11

注意：可以将一个串对应到空串

## 题目描述

Alice wants to send an important message to Bob. Message $ a=(a_{1},...,a_{n}) $ is a sequence of positive integers (characters).

To compress the message Alice wants to use binary Huffman coding. We recall that binary Huffman code, or binary prefix code is a function $ f $ , that maps each letter that appears in the string to some binary string (that is, string consisting of characters '0' and '1' only) such that for each pair of different characters $ a_{i} $ and $ a_{j} $ string $ f(a_{i}) $ is not a prefix of $ f(a_{j}) $ (and vice versa). The result of the encoding of the message $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ is the concatenation of the encoding of each character, that is the string $ f(a_{1})f(a_{2})...\ f(a_{n}) $ . Huffman codes are very useful, as the compressed message can be easily and uniquely decompressed, if the function $ f $ is given. Code is usually chosen in order to minimize the total length of the compressed message, i.e. the length of the string $ f(a_{1})f(a_{2})...\ f(a_{n}) $ .

Because of security issues Alice doesn't want to send the whole message. Instead, she picks some substrings of the message and wants to send them separately. For each of the given substrings $ a_{li}...\ a_{ri} $ she wants to know the minimum possible length of the Huffman coding. Help her solve this problem.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains the single integer $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=100000 $ ) — the length of the initial message. The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=100000 $ ) — characters of the message.

Next line contains the single integer $ q $ ( $ 1<=q<=100000 $ ) — the number of queries.

Then follow $ q $ lines with queries descriptions. The $ i $ -th of these lines contains two integers $ l_{i} $ and $ r_{i} $ ( $ 1<=l_{i}<=r_{i}<=n $ ) — the position of the left and right ends of the $ i $ -th substring respectively. Positions are numbered from $ 1 $ . Substrings may overlap in any way. The same substring may appear in the input more than once.

### 输出格式

Print $ q $ lines. Each line should contain a single integer — the minimum possible length of the Huffman encoding of the substring $ a_{li}...\ a_{ri} $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
7
1 2 1 3 1 2 1
5
1 7
1 3
3 5
2 4
4 4

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
10
3
3
5
0

```
## 说明

In the first query, one of the optimal ways to encode the substring is to map $ 1 $ to "0", $ 2 $ to "10" and $ 3 $ to "11".

Note that it is correct to map the letter to the empty substring (as in the fifth query from the sample).

