# Dense Subsequence

## 题目描述

You are given a string $ s $ , consisting of lowercase English letters, and the integer $ m $ .

One should choose some symbols from the given string so that any contiguous subsegment of length $ m $ has at least one selected symbol. Note that here we choose positions of symbols, not the symbols themselves.

Then one uses the chosen symbols to form a new string. All symbols from the chosen position should be used, but we are allowed to rearrange them in any order.

Formally, we choose a subsequence of indices $ 1<=i_{1}&lt;i_{2}&lt;...&lt;i_{t}<=|s| $ . The selected sequence must meet the following condition: for every $ j $ such that $ 1<=j<=|s|-m+1 $ , there must be at least one selected index that belongs to the segment $ [j, j+m-1] $ , i.e. there should exist a $ k $ from $ 1 $ to $ t $ , such that $ j<=i_{k}<=j+m-1 $ .

Then we take any permutation $ p $ of the selected indices and form a new string $ s_{ip1}s_{ip2}...\ s_{ipt} $ .

Find the lexicographically smallest string, that can be obtained using this procedure.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains a single integer $ m $ ( $ 1<=m

The second line contains the string $ s $ consisting of lowercase English letters. It is guaranteed that this string is non-empty and its length doesn't exceed $ 100000 $ . It is also guaranteed that the number $ m $ doesn't exceed the length of the string $ s $ .

### 输出格式

Print the single line containing the lexicographically smallest string, that can be obtained using the procedure described above.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
cbabc

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
a

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
2
abcab

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
aab

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
3
bcabcbaccba

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
aaabb

```
## 说明

In the first sample, one can choose the subsequence $ {3} $ and form a string "a".

In the second sample, one can choose the subsequence $ {1,2,4} $ (symbols on this positions are 'a', 'b' and 'a') and rearrange the chosen symbols to form a string "aab".

