# Hongcow Buys a Deck of Cards

## 题意翻译

Hongcow想要收集全部$n(0\leq n \leq 16)$张卡牌。这些卡牌有些是红卡，有些是蓝卡，每张卡要花$r_i$个红宝石和$b_i$个蓝宝石才能够获得

如果Hongcow的手里有rr张红卡和bb张蓝卡了，那么他就只需要花max($r_i-rr$,0)个红宝石和max($b_i$-bb,0)个蓝宝石就能购买一张新卡。没回合Hongcow可以进行以下三种操作的一种：

1.获得一颗红宝石和一颗蓝宝石

2.买一张卡

问最少几回合Hongcow就能获得全部的卡？

## 题目描述

One day, Hongcow goes to the store and sees a brand new deck of $ n $ special cards. Each individual card is either red or blue. He decides he wants to buy them immediately. To do this, he needs to play a game with the owner of the store.

This game takes some number of turns to complete. On a turn, Hongcow may do one of two things:

- Collect tokens. Hongcow collects $ 1 $ red token and $ 1 $ blue token by choosing this option (thus, $ 2 $ tokens in total per one operation).

- Buy a card. Hongcow chooses some card and spends tokens to purchase it as specified below.

The $ i $ -th card requires $ r_{i} $ red resources and $ b_{i} $ blue resources. Suppose Hongcow currently has $ A $ red cards and $ B $ blue cards. Then, the $ i $ -th card will require Hongcow to spend $ max(r_{i}-A,0) $ red tokens, and $ max(b_{i}-B,0) $ blue tokens. Note, only tokens disappear, but the cards stay with Hongcow forever. Each card can be bought only once.

Given a description of the cards and their costs determine the minimum number of turns Hongcow needs to purchase all cards.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input will contain a single integer $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=16 $ ).

The next $ n $ lines of input will contain three tokens $ c_{i} $ , $ r_{i} $ and $ b_{i} $ . $ c_{i} $ will be 'R' or 'B', denoting the color of the card as red or blue. $ r_{i} $ will be an integer denoting the amount of red resources required to obtain the card, and $ b_{i} $ will be an integer denoting the amount of blue resources required to obtain the card ( $ 0<=r_{i},b_{i}<=10^{7} $ ).

### 输出格式

Output a single integer, denoting the minimum number of turns needed to acquire all the cards.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
R 0 1
B 1 0
R 1 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
4

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3
R 3 0
R 2 0
R 1 0

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
6

```
## 说明

For the first sample, Hongcow's four moves are as follows:

1. Collect tokens

2. Buy card $ 1 $

3. Buy card $ 2 $

4. Buy card $ 3 $

Note, at the fourth step, Hongcow is able to buy card $ 3 $ because Hongcow already has one red and one blue card, so we don't need to collect tokens.For the second sample, one optimal strategy is as follows:

1. Collect tokens

2. Collect tokens

3. Buy card $ 2 $

4. Collect tokens

5. Buy card $ 3 $

6. Buy card $ 1 $

At the fifth step, even though Hongcow has a red token, Hongcow doesn't actually need to spend it, since Hongcow has a red card already.

