# Pavel and barbecue

## 题目描述

Pavel cooks barbecue. There are $ n $ skewers, they lay on a brazier in a row, each on one of $ n $ positions. Pavel wants each skewer to be cooked some time in every of $ n $ positions in two directions: in the one it was directed originally and in the reversed direction.

Pavel has a plan: a permutation $ p $ and a sequence $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{n} $ , consisting of zeros and ones. Each second Pavel move skewer on position $ i $ to position $ p_{i} $ , and if $ b_{i} $ equals $ 1 $ then he reverses it. So he hope that every skewer will visit every position in both directions.

Unfortunately, not every pair of permutation $ p $ and sequence $ b $ suits Pavel. What is the minimum total number of elements in the given permutation $ p $ and the given sequence $ b $ he needs to change so that every skewer will visit each of $ 2n $ placements? Note that after changing the permutation should remain a permutation as well.

There is no problem for Pavel, if some skewer visits some of the placements several times before he ends to cook. In other words, a permutation $ p $ and a sequence $ b $ suit him if there is an integer $ k $ ( $ k>=2n $ ), so that after $ k $ seconds each skewer visits each of the $ 2n $ placements.

It can be shown that some suitable pair of permutation $ p $ and sequence $ b $ exists for any $ n $ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contain the integer $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=2·10^{5} $ ) — the number of skewers.

The second line contains a sequence of integers $ p_{1},p_{2},...,p_{n} $ ( $ 1<=p_{i}

The third line contains a sequence $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{n} $ consisting of zeros and ones, according to which Pavel wants to reverse the skewers.

### 输出格式

Print single integer — the minimum total number of elements in the given permutation $ p $ and the given sequence $ b $ he needs to change so that every skewer will visit each of $ 2n $ placements.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4
4 3 2 1
0 1 1 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3
2 3 1
0 0 0

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
1

```
## 说明

In the first example Pavel can change the permutation to $ 4,3,1,2 $ .

In the second example Pavel can change any element of $ b $ to $ 1 $ .

