# Big Number and Remainder

## 题目描述

Stepan has a very big positive integer.

Let's consider all cyclic shifts of Stepan's integer (if we look at his integer like at a string) which are also integers (i.e. they do not have leading zeros). Let's call such shifts as good shifts. For example, for the integer $ 10203 $ the good shifts are the integer itself $ 10203 $ and integers $ 20310 $ and $ 31020 $ .

Stepan wants to know the minimum remainder of the division by the given number $ m $ among all good shifts. Your task is to determine the minimum remainder of the division by $ m $ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains the integer which Stepan has. The length of Stepan's integer is between $ 2 $ and $ 200000 $ digits, inclusive. It is guaranteed that Stepan's integer does not contain leading zeros.

The second line contains the integer $ m $ ( $ 2<=m<=10^{8} $ ) — the number by which Stepan divides good shifts of his integer.

### 输出格式

Print the minimum remainder which Stepan can get if he divides all good shifts of his integer by the given number $ m $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
521
3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1001
5

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
5678901234567890123456789
10000

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
123

```
## 说明

In the first example all good shifts of the integer $ 521 $ (good shifts are equal to $ 521 $ , $ 215 $ and $ 152 $ ) has same remainder $ 2 $ when dividing by $ 3 $ .

In the second example there are only two good shifts: the Stepan's integer itself and the shift by one position to the right. The integer itself is $ 1001 $ and the remainder after dividing it by $ 5 $ equals $ 1 $ . The shift by one position to the right equals to $ 1100 $ and the remainder after dividing it by $ 5 $ equals $ 0 $ , which is the minimum possible remainder.

