# Lie or Truth

## 题目描述

Vasya has a sequence of cubes and exactly one integer is written on each cube. Vasya exhibited all his cubes in a row. So the sequence of numbers written on the cubes in the order from the left to the right equals to $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ .

While Vasya was walking, his little brother Stepan played with Vasya's cubes and changed their order, so now the sequence of numbers written on the cubes became equal to $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{n} $ .

Stepan said that he swapped only cubes which where on the positions between $ l $ and $ r $ , inclusive, and did not remove or add any other cubes (i. e. he said that he reordered cubes between positions $ l $ and $ r $ , inclusive, in some way).

Your task is to determine if it is possible that Stepan said the truth, or it is guaranteed that Stepan deceived his brother.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains three integers $ n $ , $ l $ , $ r $ ( $ 1<=n<=10^{5} $ , $ 1<=l<=r<=n $ ) — the number of Vasya's cubes and the positions told by Stepan.

The second line contains the sequence $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=n $ ) — the sequence of integers written on cubes in the Vasya's order.

The third line contains the sequence $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{n} $ ( $ 1<=b_{i}<=n $ ) — the sequence of integers written on cubes after Stepan rearranged their order.

It is guaranteed that Stepan did not remove or add other cubes, he only rearranged Vasya's cubes.

### 输出格式

Print "LIE" (without quotes) if it is guaranteed that Stepan deceived his brother. In the other case, print "TRUTH" (without quotes).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5 2 4
3 4 2 3 1
3 2 3 4 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
TRUTH

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3 1 2
1 2 3
3 1 2

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
LIE

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
4 2 4
1 1 1 1
1 1 1 1

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
TRUTH

```
## 说明

In the first example there is a situation when Stepan said the truth. Initially the sequence of integers on the cubes was equal to \[3, 4, 2, 3, 1\]. Stepan could at first swap cubes on positions $ 2 $ and $ 3 $ (after that the sequence of integers on cubes became equal to \[3, 2, 4, 3, 1\]), and then swap cubes in positions $ 3 $ and $ 4 $ (after that the sequence of integers on cubes became equal to \[3, 2, 3, 4, 1\]).

In the second example it is not possible that Stepan said truth because he said that he swapped cubes only between positions $ 1 $ and $ 2 $ , but we can see that it is guaranteed that he changed the position of the cube which was on the position $ 3 $ at first. So it is guaranteed that Stepan deceived his brother.

In the third example for any values $ l $ and $ r $ there is a situation when Stepan said the truth.

