# Significant Cups

## 题目描述

Stepan is a very experienced olympiad participant. He has $ n $ cups for Physics olympiads and $ m $ cups for Informatics olympiads. Each cup is characterized by two parameters — its significance $ c_{i} $ and width $ w_{i} $ .

Stepan decided to expose some of his cups on a shelf with width $ d $ in such a way, that:

- there is at least one Physics cup and at least one Informatics cup on the shelf,

- the total width of the exposed cups does not exceed $ d $ ,

- from each subjects (Physics and Informatics) some of the most significant cups are exposed (i. e. if a cup for some subject with significance $ x $ is exposed, then all the cups for this subject with significance greater than $ x $ must be exposed too).

Your task is to determine the maximum possible total significance, which Stepan can get when he exposes cups on the shelf with width $ d $ , considering all the rules described above. The total significance is the sum of significances of all the exposed cups.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains three integers $ n $ , $ m $ and $ d $ ( $ 1<=n,m<=100000 $ , $ 1<=d<=10^{9} $ ) — the number of cups for Physics olympiads, the number of cups for Informatics olympiads and the width of the shelf.

Each of the following $ n $ lines contains two integers $ c_{i} $ and $ w_{i} $ ( $ 1<=c_{i},w_{i}<=10^{9} $ ) — significance and width of the $ i $ -th cup for Physics olympiads.

Each of the following $ m $ lines contains two integers $ c_{j} $ and $ w_{j} $ ( $ 1<=c_{j},w_{j}<=10^{9} $ ) — significance and width of the $ j $ -th cup for Informatics olympiads.

### 输出格式

Print the maximum possible total significance, which Stepan can get exposing cups on the shelf with width $ d $ , considering all the rules described in the statement.

If there is no way to expose cups on the shelf, then print $ 0 $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 1 8
4 2
5 5
4 2
3 2

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
8

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
4 3 12
3 4
2 4
3 5
3 4
3 5
5 2
3 4

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
11

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
2 2 2
5 3
6 3
4 2
8 1

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
0

```
## 说明

In the first example Stepan has only one Informatics cup which must be exposed on the shelf. Its significance equals $ 3 $ and width equals $ 2 $ , so after Stepan exposes it, the width of free space on the shelf becomes equal to $ 6 $ . Also, Stepan must expose the second Physics cup (which has width $ 5 $ ), because it is the most significant cup for Physics (its significance equals $ 5 $ ). After that Stepan can not expose more cups on the shelf, because there is no enough free space. Thus, the maximum total significance of exposed cups equals to $ 8 $ .

