# Game of Credit Cards

## 题意翻译

有两个人S和M，他们每人有一段长度为N的数字，两个人在每一轮游戏中都可以按顺序拿出一个数字，谁的数字小谁就接受一次惩罚。若相等两者都没有惩罚。另外，M珂以重新安排自己数字的顺序，问 M的最少被惩罚次数 和 S的最多被惩罚次数 是多少。

## 题目描述

After the fourth season Sherlock and Moriary have realized the whole foolishness of the battle between them and decided to continue their competitions in peaceful game of Credit Cards.

Rules of this game are simple: each player bring his favourite $ n $ -digit credit card. Then both players name the digits written on their cards one by one. If two digits are not equal, then the player, whose digit is smaller gets a flick (knock in the forehead usually made with a forefinger) from the other player. For example, if $ n=3 $ , Sherlock's card is $ 123 $ and Moriarty's card has number $ 321 $ , first Sherlock names $ 1 $ and Moriarty names $ 3 $ so Sherlock gets a flick. Then they both digit $ 2 $ so no one gets a flick. Finally, Sherlock names $ 3 $ , while Moriarty names $ 1 $ and gets a flick.

Of course, Sherlock will play honestly naming digits one by one in the order they are given, while Moriary, as a true villain, plans to cheat. He is going to name his digits in some other order (however, he is not going to change the overall number of occurences of each digit). For example, in case above Moriarty could name $ 1 $ , $ 2 $ , $ 3 $ and get no flicks at all, or he can name $ 2 $ , $ 3 $ and $ 1 $ to give Sherlock two flicks.

Your goal is to find out the minimum possible number of flicks Moriarty will get (no one likes flicks) and the maximum possible number of flicks Sherlock can get from Moriarty. Note, that these two goals are different and the optimal result may be obtained by using different strategies.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains a single integer $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=1000 $ ) — the number of digits in the cards Sherlock and Moriarty are going to use.

The second line contains $ n $ digits — Sherlock's credit card number.

The third line contains $ n $ digits — Moriarty's credit card number.

### 输出格式

First print the minimum possible number of flicks Moriarty will get. Then print the maximum possible number of flicks that Sherlock can get from Moriarty.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
123
321

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
0
2

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
2
88
00

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
2
0

```
## 说明

First sample is elaborated in the problem statement. In the second sample, there is no way Moriarty can avoid getting two flicks.

