# Labelling Cities

## 题目描述

Oleg the bank client lives in Bankopolia. There are $ n $ cities in Bankopolia and some pair of cities are connected directly by bi-directional roads. The cities are numbered from $ 1 $ to $ n $ . There are a total of $ m $ roads in Bankopolia, the $ i $ -th road connects cities $ u_{i} $ and $ v_{i} $ . It is guaranteed that from each city it is possible to travel to any other city using some of the roads.

Oleg wants to give a label to each city. Suppose the label of city $ i $ is equal to $ x_{i} $ . Then, it must hold that for all pairs of cities $ (u,v) $ the condition $ |x_{u}-x_{v}|<=1 $ holds if and only if there is a road connecting $ u $ and $ v $ .

Oleg wonders if such a labeling is possible. Find an example of such labeling if the task is possible and state that it is impossible otherwise.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains two space-separated integers $ n $ and $ m $ ( $ 2<=n<=3·10^{5} $ , $ 1<=m<=3·10^{5} $ ) — the number of cities and the number of roads.

Next, $ m $ lines follow. The $ i $ -th line contains two space-separated integers $ u_{i} $ and $ v_{i} $ ( $ 1<=u_{i},v_{i}<=n $ , $ u_{i}≠v_{i} $ ) — the cities connected by the $ i $ -th road. It is guaranteed that there is at most one road between each pair of cities and it is possible to travel from any city to any other city using some roads.

### 输出格式

If the required labeling is not possible, output a single line containing the string "NO" (without quotes).

Otherwise, output the string "YES" (without quotes) on the first line. On the next line, output $ n $ space-separated integers, $ x_{1},x_{2},...,x_{n} $ . The condition $ 1<=x_{i}<=10^{9} $ must hold for all $ i $ , and for all pairs of cities $ (u,v) $ the condition $ |x_{u}-x_{v}|<=1 $ must hold if and only if there is a road connecting $ u $ and $ v $ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4 4
1 2
1 3
1 4
3 4

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES
2 3 1 1 

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
5 10
1 2
1 3
1 4
1 5
2 3
2 4
2 5
3 4
3 5
5 4

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
YES
1 1 1 1 1 

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
4 3
1 2
1 3
1 4

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
NO

```
## 说明

For the first sample, $ x_{1}=2 $ , $ x_{2}=3 $ , $ x_{3}=x_{4}=1 $ is a valid labeling. Indeed, $ (3,4) $ , $ (1,2) $ , $ (1,3) $ , $ (1,4) $ are the only pairs of cities with difference of labels not greater than $ 1 $ , and these are precisely the roads of Bankopolia.

For the second sample, all pairs of cities have difference of labels not greater than $ 1 $ and all pairs of cities have a road connecting them.

For the last sample, it is impossible to construct a labeling satisfying the given constraints.

