# Leha and security system

## 题意翻译

Duan2baka开始有一个长度为$n$的序列，现在有$k$次操作：

1.$1\; l\; r\; x\; y$将$l$~$r$区间内所有数的$x$都变成$y$(假设执行操作$1\; l\; r\; 4\; 8$，区间内有一个数443，将会变成883)

2.$2\; l\; r$询问区间$l$到$r$的和

($1\le n,q\le 10^5,0\le x \le 9,1\le y \le 9$)

感谢@Duan2baka 提供的翻译

## 题目描述

Bankopolis, the city you already know, finally got a new bank opened! Unfortunately, its security system is not yet working fine... Meanwhile hacker Leha arrived in Bankopolis and decided to test the system!

Bank has $ n $ cells for clients' money. A sequence from $ n $ numbers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ describes the amount of money each client has. Leha wants to make requests to the database of the bank, finding out the total amount of money on some subsegments of the sequence and changing values of the sequence on some subsegments. Using a bug in the system, Leha can requests two types of queries to the database:

- 1 l r x y denoting that Leha changes each digit $ x $ to digit $ y $ in each element of sequence $ a_{i} $ , for which $ l<=i<=r $ is holds. For example, if we change in number $ 11984381 $ digit $ 8 $ to $ 4 $ , we get $ 11944341 $ . It's worth noting that Leha, in order to stay in the shadow, never changes digits in the database to $ 0 $ , i.e. $ y≠0 $ .

- 2 l r denoting that Leha asks to calculate and print the sum of such elements of sequence $ a_{i} $ , for which $ l<=i<=r $ holds.

As Leha is a white-hat hacker, he don't want to test this vulnerability on a real database. You are to write a similar database for Leha to test.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains two integers $ n $ and $ q $ ( $ 1<=n<=10^{5} $ , $ 1<=q<=10^{5} $ ) denoting amount of cells in the bank and total amount of queries respectively.

The following line contains $ n $ integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}&lt;10^{9} $ ) denoting the amount of money in each cell initially. These integers do not contain leading zeros.

Each of the following $ q $ lines has one of the formats:

- 1 l r x y ( $ 1<=l<=r<=n $ , $ 0<=x<=9 $ , $ 1<=y<=9 $ ), denoting Leha asks to change each digit $ x $ on digit $ y $ for each element $ a_{i} $ of the sequence for which $ l<=i<=r $ holds;

- 2 l r ( $ 1<=l<=r<=n $ ), denoting you have to calculate and print the sum of elements $ a_{i} $ for which $ l<=i<=r $ holds.

### 输出格式

For each second type query print a single nuDuan2baka开始有一个长度为$n$的序列，现在有$k$次操作：

1.$1\; l\; r\; x\; y$将$l$~$r$区间内所有数的$x$都变成$y$(假设执行操作$1\; l\; r\; 4\; 8$，区间内有一个数443，将会变成883)

2.$2\; l\; r$询问区间$l$到$r$的和

($1\le n,q\le 10^5,0\le x \le 9,1\le y \le 9$)mber denoting the required sum.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5 5
38 43 4 12 70
1 1 3 4 8
2 2 4
1 4 5 0 8
1 2 5 8 7
2 1 5

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
103
207

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
5 5
25 36 39 40 899
1 1 3 2 7
2 1 2
1 3 5 9 1
1 4 4 0 9
2 1 5

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
111
1002

```
## 说明

Let's look at the example testcase.

Initially the sequence is $ [38,43,4,12,70] $ .

After the first change each digit equal to $ 4 $ becomes $ 8 $ for each element with index in interval $ [1; 3] $ . Thus, the new sequence is $ [38,83,8,12,70] $ .

The answer for the first sum's query is the sum in the interval $ [2; 4] $ , which equal $ 83+8+12=103 $ , so the answer to this query is $ 103 $ .

The sequence becomes $ [38,83,8,12,78] $ after the second change and $ [38,73,7,12,77] $ after the third.

The answer for the second sum's query is $ 38+73+7+12+77=207 $ .

