# An express train to reveries

## 题意翻译

给定两个长度为n的不相同序列a和b,这两个序列至少有一个位置不同

现在需要构造一个长度为n的排列p,使得p与a只有一个地方不同,且p与b也只有一个地方不同

Translated by @Kelin

如果有多个符合的排列,输出任意一个即可

## 题目描述

Sengoku still remembers the mysterious "colourful meteoroids" she discovered with Lala-chan when they were little. In particular, one of the nights impressed her deeply, giving her the illusion that all her fancies would be realized.

On that night, Sengoku constructed a permutation $ p_{1},p_{2},...,p_{n} $ of integers from $ 1 $ to $ n $ inclusive, with each integer representing a colour, wishing for the colours to see in the coming meteor outburst. Two incredible outbursts then arrived, each with $ n $ meteorids, colours of which being integer sequences $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ and $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{n} $ respectively. Meteoroids' colours were also between $ 1 $ and $ n $ inclusive, and the two sequences were not identical, that is, at least one $ i $ ( $ 1<=i<=n $ ) exists, such that $ a_{i}≠b_{i} $ holds.

Well, she almost had it all — each of the sequences $ a $ and $ b $ matched exactly $ n-1 $ elements in Sengoku's permutation. In other words, there is exactly one $ i $ ( $ 1<=i<=n $ ) such that $ a_{i}≠p_{i} $ , and exactly one $ j $ ( $ 1<=j<=n $ ) such that $ b_{j}≠p_{j} $ .

For now, Sengoku is able to recover the actual colour sequences $ a $ and $ b $ through astronomical records, but her wishes have been long forgotten. You are to reconstruct any possible permutation Sengoku could have had on that night.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains a positive integer $ n $ ( $ 2<=n<=1000 $ ) — the length of Sengoku's permutation, being the length of both meteor outbursts at the same time.

The second line contains $ n $ space-separated integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=n $ ) — the sequence of colours in the first meteor outburst.

The third line contains $ n $ space-separated integers $ b_{1},b_{2},...,b_{n} $ ( $ 1<=b_{i}<=n $ ) — the sequence of colours in the second meteor outburst. At least one $ i $ ( $ 1<=i<=n $ ) exists, such that $ a_{i}≠b_{i} $ holds.

### 输出格式

Output $ n $ space-separated integers $ p_{1},p_{2},...,p_{n} $ , denoting a possible permutation Sengoku could have had. If there are more than one possible answer, output any one of them.

Input guarantees that such permutation exists.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
1 2 3 4 3
1 2 5 4 5

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1 2 5 4 3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
5
4 4 2 3 1
5 4 5 3 1

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
5 4 2 3 1

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
4
1 1 3 4
1 4 3 4

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
1 2 3 4

```
## 说明

In the first sample, both $ 1,2,5,4,3 $ and $ 1,2,3,4,5 $ are acceptable outputs.

In the second sample, $ 5,4,2,3,1 $ is the only permutation to satisfy the constraints.

