# Army Creation

## 题意翻译

$n$个数$a[i]$,$q$次询问,$n,a[i],q

每次问$[l,r]$内最多可以选多少个数,满足同一个数的出现次数不超过$k$?

Translated by @yler

## 题目描述

As you might remember from our previous rounds, Vova really likes computer games. Now he is playing a strategy game known as Rage of Empires.

In the game Vova can hire $ n $ different warriors; $ i $ th warrior has the type $ a_{i} $ . Vova wants to create a balanced army hiring some subset of warriors. An army is called balanced if for each type of warrior present in the game there are not more than $ k $ warriors of this type in the army. Of course, Vova wants his army to be as large as possible.

To make things more complicated, Vova has to consider $ q $ different plans of creating his army. $ i $ th plan allows him to hire only warriors whose numbers are not less than $ l_{i} $ and not greater than $ r_{i} $ .

Help Vova to determine the largest size of a balanced army for each plan.

Be aware that the plans are given in a modified way. See input section for details.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n $ and $ k $ ( $ 1<=n,k<=100000 $ ).

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_{1} $ , $ a_{2} $ , ... $ a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=100000 $ ).

The third line contains one integer $ q $ ( $ 1<=q<=100000 $ ).

Then $ q $ lines follow. $ i $ th line contains two numbers $ x_{i} $ and $ y_{i} $ which represent $ i $ th plan ( $ 1<=x_{i},y_{i}<=n $ ).

You have to keep track of the answer to the last plan (let's call it $ last $ ). In the beginning $ last=0 $ . Then to restore values of $ l_{i} $ and $ r_{i} $ for the $ i $ th plan, you have to do the following:

1. $ l_{i}=((x_{i}+last) mod n)+1 $ ;

2. $ r_{i}=((y_{i}+last) mod n)+1 $ ;

3. If $ l_{i}>r_{i} $ , swap $ l_{i} $ and $ r_{i} $ .

### 输出格式

Print $ q $ numbers. $ i $ th number must be equal to the maximum size of a balanced army when considering $ i $ th plan.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
6 2
1 1 1 2 2 2
5
1 6
4 3
1 1
2 6
2 6

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2
4
1
3
2

```
## 说明

In the first example the real plans are:

1. $ 1 2 $

2. $ 1 6 $

3. $ 6 6 $

4. $ 2 4 $

5. $ 4 6 $

