# Sasha and Sticks

## 题意翻译

纸上有n根棒棒，每次操作恰好划掉k根棒棒

两人轮流操作，问先手是否能赢

## 题目描述

It's one more school day now. Sasha doesn't like classes and is always bored at them. So, each day he invents some game and plays in it alone or with friends.

Today he invented one simple game to play with Lena, with whom he shares a desk. The rules are simple. Sasha draws $ n $ sticks in a row. After that the players take turns crossing out exactly $ k $ sticks from left or right in each turn. Sasha moves first, because he is the inventor of the game. If there are less than $ k $ sticks on the paper before some turn, the game ends. Sasha wins if he makes strictly more moves than Lena. Sasha wants to know the result of the game before playing, you are to help him.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n $ and $ k $ ( $ 1<=n,k<=10^{18} $ , $ k<=n $ ) — the number of sticks drawn by Sasha and the number $ k $ — the number of sticks to be crossed out on each turn.

### 输出格式

If Sasha wins, print "YES" (without quotes), otherwise print "NO" (without quotes).

You can print each letter in arbitrary case (upper of lower).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
10 4

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
NO

```
## 说明

In the first example Sasha crosses out $ 1 $ stick, and then there are no sticks. So Lena can't make a move, and Sasha wins.

In the second example Sasha crosses out $ 4 $ sticks, then Lena crosses out $ 4 $ sticks, and after that there are only $ 2 $ sticks left. Sasha can't make a move. The players make equal number of moves, so Sasha doesn't win.

