# Curriculum Vitae

## 题意翻译

## 输入

第一行：n(≥1，≤100）

第二行：n个整数，要么是0，要么是1

## 任务

删除若干个数（0个也行），使得0不出现在1后面。

## 输出

最多剩下多少个数。

## 题目描述

Hideo Kojima has just quit his job at Konami. Now he is going to find a new place to work. Despite being such a well-known person, he still needs a CV to apply for a job.

During all his career Hideo has produced $ n $ games. Some of them were successful, some were not. Hideo wants to remove several of them (possibly zero) from his CV to make a better impression on employers. As a result there should be no unsuccessful game which comes right after successful one in his CV.

More formally, you are given an array $ s_{1},s_{2},...,s_{n} $ of zeros and ones. Zero corresponds to an unsuccessful game, one — to a successful one. Games are given in order they were produced, and Hideo can't swap these values. He should remove some elements from this array in such a way that no zero comes right after one.

Besides that, Hideo still wants to mention as much games in his CV as possible. Help this genius of a man determine the maximum number of games he can leave in his CV.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains one integer number $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=100 $ ).

The second line contains $ n $ space-separated integer numbers $ s_{1},s_{2},...,s_{n} $ ( $ 0<=s_{i}<=1 $ ). $ 0 $ corresponds to an unsuccessful game, $ 1 $ — to a successful one.

### 输出格式

Print one integer — the maximum number of games Hideo can leave in his CV so that no unsuccessful game comes after a successful one.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4
1 1 0 1

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
6
0 1 0 0 1 0

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
4

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
1
0

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
1

```
