# Save the problem!

## 题意翻译

题目:

对于零钱总面值N,有零钱种类数M,以及每种零钱的面值D1,D2,D3...DM,可以求解出有A种方案兑换.现在反过来,已知A,求解其他值.

输入:

一个整数A(1<=A<=100000),总的方案数.

输出:

第一行两个整数N,M(1<=N<=10^6,1<=M<=10),分别表示零钱总面值和零钱的种类./满足i≠j时Di≠Dj.

如果有多种答案,输出任意一种,您可以将零钱面值按序输出.

翻译贡献者UID：36080

## 题目描述

Attention: we lost all the test cases for this problem, so instead of solving the problem, we need you to generate test cases. We're going to give you the answer, and you need to print a test case that produces the given answer. The original problem is in the following paragraph.

People don't use cash as often as they used to. Having a credit card solves some of the hassles of cash, such as having to receive change when you can't form the exact amount of money needed to purchase an item. Typically cashiers will give you as few coins as possible in change, but they don't have to. For example, if your change is 30 cents, a cashier could give you a 5 cent piece and a 25 cent piece, or they could give you three 10 cent pieces, or ten 1 cent pieces, two 5 cent pieces, and one 10 cent piece. Altogether there are 18 different ways to make 30 cents using only 1 cent pieces, 5 cent pieces, 10 cent pieces, and 25 cent pieces. Two ways are considered different if they contain a different number of at least one type of coin. Given the denominations of the coins and an amount of change to be made, how many different ways are there to make change?

As we mentioned before, we lost all the test cases for this problem, so we're actually going to give you the number of ways, and want you to produce a test case for which the number of ways is the given number. There could be many ways to achieve this (we guarantee there's always at least one), so you can print any, as long as it meets the constraints described below.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Input will consist of a single integer $ A $ $ (1<=A<=10^{5}) $ , the desired number of ways.

### 输出格式

In the first line print integers $ N $ and $ M $ $ (1<=N<=10^{6},1<=M<=10) $ , the amount of change to be made, and the number of denominations, respectively.

Then print $ M $ integers $ D_{1},D_{2},...,D_{M} $ $ (1<=D_{i}<=10^{6}) $ , the denominations of the coins. All denominations must be distinct: for any $ i≠j $ we must have $ D_{i}≠D_{j} $ .

If there are multiple tests, print any of them. You can print denominations in atbitrary order.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
18

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
30 4
1 5 10 25

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
20 2
5 2

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
314

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
183 4
6 5 2 139

```
