# Photo Processing

## 题意翻译

给出n个数，让你分组，每组最少m个

规定每组的价值是组里面最大数-最小数

要求使得最大价值最小

n,m

## 题目描述

Evlampiy has found one more cool application to process photos. However the application has certain limitations.

Each photo $ i $ has a contrast $ v_{i} $ . In order for the processing to be truly of high quality, the application must receive at least $ k $ photos with contrasts which differ as little as possible.

Evlampiy already knows the contrast $ v_{i} $ for each of his $ n $ photos. Now he wants to split the photos into groups, so that each group contains at least $ k $ photos. As a result, each photo must belong to exactly one group.

He considers a processing time of the $ j $ -th group to be the difference between the maximum and minimum values of $ v_{i} $ in the group. Because of multithreading the processing time of a division into groups is the maximum processing time among all groups.

Split $ n $ photos into groups in a such way that the processing time of the division is the minimum possible, i.e. that the the maximum processing time over all groups as least as possible.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n $ and $ k $ ( $ 1<=k<=n<=3·10^{5} $ ) — number of photos and minimum size of a group.

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ v_{1},v_{2},...,v_{n} $ ( $ 1<=v_{i}<=10^{9} $ ), where $ v_{i} $ is the contrast of the $ i $ -th photo.

### 输出格式

Print the minimal processing time of the division into groups.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5 2
50 110 130 40 120

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
20

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
4 1
2 3 4 1

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0

```
## 说明

In the first example the photos should be split into 2 groups: $ [40,50] $ and $ [110,120,130] $ . The processing time of the first group is $ 10 $ , and the processing time of the second group is $ 20 $ . Maximum among $ 10 $ and $ 20 $ is $ 20 $ . It is impossible to split the photos into groups in a such way that the processing time of division is less than $ 20 $ .

In the second example the photos should be split into four groups, each containing one photo. So the minimal possible processing time of a division is $ 0 $ .

