# Months and Years

## 题意翻译

给出连续的n($n \leq 24$)个月的天数，询问是否合法。

## 题目描述

Everybody in Russia uses Gregorian calendar. In this calendar there are $ 31 $ days in January, $ 28 $ or $ 29 $ days in February (depending on whether the year is leap or not), $ 31 $ days in March, $ 30 $ days in April, $ 31 $ days in May, $ 30 $ in June, $ 31 $ in July, $ 31 $ in August, $ 30 $ in September, $ 31 $ in October, $ 30 $ in November, $ 31 $ in December.

A year is leap in one of two cases: either its number is divisible by $ 4 $ , but not divisible by $ 100 $ , or is divisible by $ 400 $ . For example, the following years are leap: $ 2000 $ , $ 2004 $ , but years $ 1900 $ and $ 2018 $ are not leap.

In this problem you are given $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=24 $ ) integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ , and you have to check if these integers could be durations in days of $ n $ consecutive months, according to Gregorian calendar. Note that these months could belong to several consecutive years. In other words, check if there is a month in some year, such that its duration is $ a_{1} $ days, duration of the next month is $ a_{2} $ days, and so on.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains single integer $ n $ ( $ 1<=n<=24 $ ) — the number of integers.

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 28<=a_{i}<=31 $ ) — the numbers you are to check.

### 输出格式

If there are several consecutive months that fit the sequence, print "YES" (without quotes). Otherwise, print "NO" (without quotes).

You can print each letter in arbitrary case (small or large).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4
31 31 30 31

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
Yes

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
2
30 30

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
No

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
5
29 31 30 31 30

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
Yes

```
### 输入样例 #4

```cpp
3
31 28 30

```
### 输出样例 #4

```cpp
No

```
### 输入样例 #5

```cpp
3
31 31 28

```
### 输出样例 #5

```cpp
Yes

```
## 说明

In the first example the integers can denote months July, August, September and October.

In the second example the answer is no, because there are no two consecutive months each having $ 30 $ days.

In the third example the months are: February (leap year) — March — April – May — June.

In the fourth example the number of days in the second month is $ 28 $ , so this is February. March follows February and has $ 31 $ days, but not $ 30 $ , so the answer is NO.

In the fifth example the months are: December — January — February (non-leap year).

