# Subtree Minimum Query

## 题意翻译

题目大意：

给你一颗有根树，点有权值，m次询问，每次问你某个点的子树中距离其不超过k的点的权值的最小值。（边权均为1，点权有可能重复，k值每次询问有可能不同，**强制在线**）

真实询问计算方法：

x=(x′+lans)modn+1;

k=(k′+lans)modn;

数据范围：

n<=100000,ai<=10^9,m<=1000000

## 题目描述

You are given a rooted tree consisting of $ n $ vertices. Each vertex has a number written on it; number $ a_{i} $ is written on vertex $ i $ .

Let's denote $ d(i,j) $ as the distance between vertices $ i $ and $ j $ in the tree (that is, the number of edges in the shortest path from $ i $ to $ j $ ). Also let's denote the $ k $ -blocked subtree of vertex $ x $ as the set of vertices $ y $ such that both these conditions are met:

- $ x $ is an ancestor of $ y $ (every vertex is an ancestor of itself);

- $ d(x,y)<=k $ .

You are given $ m $ queries to the tree. $ i $ -th query is represented by two numbers $ x_{i} $ and $ k_{i} $ , and the answer to this query is the minimum value of $ a_{j} $ among such vertices $ j $ such that $ j $ belongs to $ k_{i} $ -blocked subtree of $ x_{i} $ .

Write a program that would process these queries quickly!

Note that the queries are given in a modified way.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n $ and $ r $ ( $ 1<=r<=n<=100000 $ ) — the number of vertices in the tree and the index of the root, respectively.

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_{1},a_{2},...,a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}<=10^{9} $ ) — the numbers written on the vertices.

Then $ n-1 $ lines follow, each containing two integers $ x $ and $ y $ ( $ 1<=x,y<=n $ ) and representing an edge between vertices $ x $ and $ y $ . It is guaranteed that these edges form a tree.

Next line contains one integer $ m $ ( $ 1<=m<=10^{6} $ ) — the number of queries to process.

Then $ m $ lines follow, $ i $ -th line containing two numbers $ p_{i} $ and $ q_{i} $ , which can be used to restore $ i $ -th query ( $ 1<=p_{i},q_{i}<=n $ ).

$ i $ -th query can be restored as follows:

Let $ last $ be the answer for previous query (or $ 0 $ if $ i=1 $ ). Then $ x_{i}=((p_{i}+last)modn)+1 $ , and $ k_{i}=(q_{i}+last)modn $ .

### 输出格式

Print $ m $ integers. $ i $ -th of them has to be equal to the answer to $ i $ -th query.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5 2
1 3 2 3 5
2 3
5 1
3 4
4 1
2
1 2
2 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2
5

```
