# Inversion Counting

## 题意翻译

给你一个长度为N的序列，有M次操作。每次翻转[l,r]的区间，每次操作后询问序列逆序对个数的奇偶性。

## 题目描述

A permutation of size $ n $ is an array of size $ n $ such that each integer from $ 1 $ to $ n $ occurs exactly once in this array. An inversion in a permutation $ p $ is a pair of indices $ (i,j) $ such that $ i>j $ and $ a_{i}<a_{j} $ . For example, a permutation $ [4,1,3,2] $ contains $ 4 $ inversions: $ (2,1) $ , $ (3,1) $ , $ (4,1) $ , $ (4,3) $ . You are given a permutation $ a $ of size $ n $ and $ m $ queries to it. Each query is represented by two indices $ l $ and $ r $ denoting that you have to reverse the segment $ [l,r] $ of the permutation. For example, if $ a=[1,2,3,4] $ and a query $ l=2 $ , $ r=4 $ is applied, then the resulting permutation is $ [1,4,3,2] $ . After each query you have to determine whether the number of inversions is odd or even.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains one integer $ n $ ( $ 1<=n

The second line contains $ n $ integers $ a_{1} $ , $ a_{2} $ , ..., $ a_{n} $ ( $ 1<=a_{i}

The third line contains one integer $ m $ ( $ 1<=m

Then $ m $ lines follow, $ i $ -th line containing two integers $ l_{i} $ , $ r_{i} $ ( $ 1<=l_{i}<=r_{i}<=n $ ) denoting that $ i $ -th query is to reverse a segment $ [l_{i},r_{i}] $ of the permutation. All queries are performed one after another.

### 输出格式

Print $ m $ lines. $ i $ -th of them must be equal to odd if the number of inversions in the permutation after $ i $ -th query is odd, and even otherwise.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
1 2 3
2
1 2
2 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
odd
even

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
4
1 2 4 3
4
1 1
1 4
1 4
2 3

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
odd
odd
odd
even

```
## 说明

The first example:

1. after the first query $ a=[2,1,3] $ , inversion: $ (2,1) $ ;

2. after the second query $ a=[2,3,1] $ , inversions: $ (3,1) $ , $ (3,2) $ .

The second example:

1. $ a=[1,2,4,3] $ , inversion: $ (4,3) $ ;

2. $ a=[3,4,2,1] $ , inversions: $ (3,1) $ , $ (4,1) $ , $ (3,2) $ , $ (4,2) $ , $ (4,3) $ ;

3. $ a=[1,2,4,3] $ , inversion: $ (4,3) $ ;

4. $ a=[1,4,2,3] $ , inversions: $ (3,2) $ , $ (4,2) $ .

