# Points on the line

## 题意翻译

题目大意： 给你n个数，要使最大值与最小值之差小于等于d，最少应该删除几个数。

输入格式： 第一行n和d

第二行为输入的数

Translated by @logeadd

## 题目描述

We've got no test cases. A big olympiad is coming up. But the problemsetters' number one priority should be adding another problem to the round.

The diameter of a multiset of points on the line is the largest distance between two points from this set. For example, the diameter of the multiset $ {1,3,2,1} $ is 2.

Diameter of multiset consisting of one point is 0.

You are given $ n $ points on the line. What is the minimum number of points you have to remove, so that the diameter of the multiset of the remaining points will not exceed $ d $ ?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers $ n $ and $ d $ ( $ 1<=n<=100,0<=d<=100 $ ) — the amount of points and the maximum allowed diameter respectively.

The second line contains $ n $ space separated integers ( $ 1<=x_{i}<=100 $ ) — the coordinates of the points.

### 输出格式

Output a single integer — the minimum number of points you have to remove.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 1
2 1 4

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
3 0
7 7 7

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
0

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
6 3
1 3 4 6 9 10

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
3

```
## 说明

In the first test case the optimal strategy is to remove the point with coordinate $ 4 $ . The remaining points will have coordinates $ 1 $ and $ 2 $ , so the diameter will be equal to $ 2-1=1 $ .

In the second test case the diameter is equal to $ 0 $ , so its is unnecessary to remove any points.

In the third test case the optimal strategy is to remove points with coordinates $ 1 $ , $ 9 $ and $ 10 $ . The remaining points will have coordinates $ 3 $ , $ 4 $ and $ 6 $ , so the diameter will be equal to $ 6-3=3 $ .

