# Petr and Permutations

## 题意翻译

Petr要打乱排列。他首先有一个从 $1$ 到 $n$ 的顺序排列，然后进行 $3n$ 次操作，每次选两个数并交换它们。

Alex也要打乱排列。他与Petr唯一的不同是他进行 $7n+1$ 次操作。

给定一个 $1$ 到 $n$ 的排列。问是由谁打乱的。如果是Petr，输出"Petr"，否则**输出"Um_nik"（不是Alex）**

感谢@AKEE 提供翻译

## 题目描述

Petr likes to come up with problems about randomly generated data. This time problem is about random permutation. He decided to generate a random permutation this way: he takes identity permutation of numbers from $ 1 $ to $ n $ and then $ 3n $ times takes a random pair of different elements and swaps them. Alex envies Petr and tries to imitate him in all kind of things. Alex has also come up with a problem about random permutation. He generates a random permutation just like Petr but swaps elements $ 7n+1 $ times instead of $ 3n $ times. Because it is more random, OK?!

You somehow get a test from one of these problems and now you want to know from which one.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

In the first line of input there is one integer $ n $ ( $ 10^{3} \le n \le 10^{6} $ ).

In the second line there are $ n $ distinct integers between $ 1 $ and $ n $ — the permutation of size $ n $ from the test.

It is guaranteed that all tests except for sample are generated this way: First we choose $ n $ — the size of the permutation. Then we randomly choose a method to generate a permutation — the one of Petr or the one of Alex. Then we generate a permutation using chosen method.

### 输出格式

If the test is generated via Petr's method print "Petr" (without quotes). If the test is generated via Alex's method print "Um\_nik" (without quotes).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
2 4 5 1 3

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
Petr

```
## 说明

Please note that the sample is not a valid test (because of limitations for $ n $ ) and is given only to illustrate input/output format. Your program still has to print correct answer to this test to get AC.

Due to randomness of input hacks in this problem are forbidden.

