# Micro-World

## 题意翻译

给出一段长度为n的初始数列，当a[i]>a[j]并且a[i]<=a[j]+k时，可以将a[j]删除。求最终数列可能的最小长度

输入：

第一行输入n,k

第二行输入n个数表示a[i]

输出：

最终最小的可能长度

感谢@zhaotiensn 提供翻译

## 题目描述

You have a Petri dish with bacteria and you are preparing to dive into the harsh micro-world. But, unfortunately, you don't have any microscope nearby, so you can't watch them.

You know that you have $ n $ bacteria in the Petri dish and size of the $ i $ -th bacteria is $ a_i $ . Also you know intergalactic positive integer constant $ K $ .

The $ i $ -th bacteria can swallow the $ j $ -th bacteria if and only if $ a_i > a_j $ and $ a_i \le a_j + K $ . The $ j $ -th bacteria disappear, but the $ i $ -th bacteria doesn't change its size. The bacteria can perform multiple swallows. On each swallow operation any bacteria $ i $ can swallow any bacteria $ j $ if $ a_i > a_j $ and $ a_i \le a_j + K $ . The swallow operations go one after another.

For example, the sequence of bacteria sizes $ a=[101, 53, 42, 102, 101, 55, 54] $ and $ K=1 $ . The one of possible sequences of swallows is: $ [101, 53, 42, 102, \underline{101}, 55, 54] $ $ \to $ $ [101, \underline{53}, 42, 102, 55, 54] $ $ \to $ $ [\underline{101}, 42, 102, 55, 54] $ $ \to $ $ [42, 102, 55, \underline{54}] $ $ \to $ $ [42, 102, 55] $ . In total there are $ 3 $ bacteria remained in the Petri dish.

Since you don't have a microscope, you can only guess, what the minimal possible number of bacteria can remain in your Petri dish when you finally will find any microscope.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two space separated positive integers $ n $ and $ K $ ( $ 1 \le n \le 2 \cdot 10^5 $ , $ 1 \le K \le 10^6 $ ) — number of bacteria and intergalactic constant $ K $ .

The second line contains $ n $ space separated integers $ a_1, a_2, \dots, a_n $ ( $ 1 \le a_i \le 10^6 $ ) — sizes of bacteria you have.

### 输出格式

Print the only integer — minimal possible number of bacteria can remain.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
7 1
101 53 42 102 101 55 54

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3

```
### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
6 5
20 15 10 15 20 25

```
### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
1

```
### 输入样例 #3

```cpp
7 1000000
1 1 1 1 1 1 1

```
### 输出样例 #3

```cpp
7

```
## 说明

The first example is clarified in the problem statement.

In the second example an optimal possible sequence of swallows is: $ [20, 15, 10, 15, \underline{20}, 25] $ $ \to $ $ [20, 15, 10, \underline{15}, 25] $ $ \to $ $ [20, 15, \underline{10}, 25] $ $ \to $ $ [20, \underline{15}, 25] $ $ \to $ $ [\underline{20}, 25] $ $ \to $ $ [25] $ .

In the third example no bacteria can swallow any other bacteria.

