# ENEM - Enemies

## 题目描述

Gangs are a big problem for every metropolis. Individuals that are member of some

gang usually make enemies. When enemies meet each other they always want to fight, which

makes the city a dangerous place to live. These gang members are also known as fighters.

The local Police Department received anonymous information about a huge meeting

between fighters at the central park, but the police chief, as always, wants to know if it is

worth to send some of his men there. He knows that a fighter will fight one of his enemies only

if all of them are in front of him. If one of the fighters doesn’t want to fight, then the meeting

will be canceled. Moreover, each fighter can fight just one enemy at a time, and during this

fight his other enemies wait, because they all want to beat him alone. He also knows that one

police officer is enough in order to prevent two fighters from start a fight.

Given these conditions and the enemy’s relationships of the fighters that will be at the

central park, your job is to tell the chief if the meeting will happen or will be canceled. If it is

going to happen, then the chief wants to know the minimum number of policemen he needs

to send in order to prevent the fights at any moment of the meeting.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains two integers F (1 and R (1 enemy relationships, respectively. The fighters are identified by different integers from 0 to F-

1\. Each of the next R lines contains two integers A e B representing an enemy relationship

between the fighters A and B, you can consider that each enemy relationship will appear once

in each test case and that if a fighter A is enemy of a fighter B then B is also enemy of A.

The last test case is followed by a line containing F = 0 and R = 0.

### 输出格式

For each test, output in a line the minimum number of policemen necessary in order to

prevent the fights or output ‘The meeting will be canceled’ if the meeting is going to be

canceled.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
44\n02\n03\n12\n13\n67\n02\n03\n04\n05\n12\n13\n14\n33\n01\n12\n20\n00\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2\n2\nThe meeting will be canceled
```


