# DCEPC207 - Finally a Treat

## 题目描述

Anuja ma’am is getting more and more obsessed by her name (actually she loves it!!!). She has a strong belief that her name has something very special but she could not make it out what is it. As Vaibhav sir is very good in finding pattern he helped her with her problem, that she has a name in which only one character has maximum frequency i.e. ‘a’. She became very happy and decided to give a party to all of the members of DCE Coders who have special names. But wait, she finds out that the list is too big, so she decided to narrow it down. Heres how she narrows it: “Anuja ma’am will give a party to all those whose name is special and the character which makes their name special MUST be the character with maximum frequency in the entire list of names. There is only ONE special character in the string.”

As a student you are required to make a list of names ELLIGIBLE for party.

Remember, a name is special only if a SINGLE character has the maximum frequency in it. (See example #2 )

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

1st line contains T(1<=T<=100), number of test cases. Next T lines contain a string(1<=Length of

String<=10000) containing list of names separated by SPACES.

### 输出格式

Output k+1 lines for each test case, where k is the number of students ELLIGIBLE. First line

contains “Case #x:” where x is the case number starting from 1. Then next k lines contain the names

of ELLIGIBLE students.

**Note: Each input string will have at least 1 word (of at least 1 character). i.e. there is no input string with only spaces**

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2\nabcdd abccd cccd\naabb aabcc aaa adaa
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
Case #1:\nabccd\ncccd\nCase #2:\naaa\nadaa
```


