# LIGHTS2 - Lights

## 题目描述

John has _n_ light bulbs and a switchboard with _n_ switches; each bulb can be either on or off, and pressing the _i_−th switch changes the state of bulb _i_ from on to off, and viceversa. He is using them to play a game he has made up. In each move, John selects a (possibly empty) set of switches and presses them, thus inverting the states of the corresponding bulbs. Initially all lights are off, and after exactly _m_ moves John would like to have the first _v_ bulbs on and the rest off; otherwise he loses the game. There is only one restriction: he is not allowed to press the same _set_ of switches in two different moves.

This is quite an easy game, as there are lots of ways of winning. This has encouraged him to keep playing different winning games, and now he is intent on trying them all. Help him count how many ways of winning there are. Two games are considered the same if, after a reordering of the moves in one of them, at every step the same set of switches is pressed in both of them.

For example, if _n_ = 4, _m_ = 3, and _v_ = 2, one possible winning game is obtained by pressing switches 1, 2 and 4 in the first move, 1 and 3 in the second one, and 1, 3 and 4 in the last one. This is considered equivalent to, say, first pressing 1 and 3; then 1, 2, 4; and then 1, 3, 4.

**Input**

The input has at most 500 lines, one for each test case. Each line contains three integers _n_ (1 n m (1 m v (0 v n). The last line of input will hold the values 0 0 0 and must not be processed.

**Output**

Print one line for each test case containing the number of ways John can play the game, modulo the prime 10 567 201.

**Sample Input**

```

3 3 1

6 4 0

6 4 3

0 0 0

```

    输入输出格式

    输入格式

    

    

    输出格式

    

    

    输入输出样例

            暂无测试点

    

    

    

<!--  -->

