# JUMPY - A jumpy cycle

## 题目描述

A _cycle_ is a connected undirected graph with _n_ vertices of degree 2. (Special cases: The cycle for _n_ = 2 is a graph with two vertices and two parallel edges between them. For _n_ = 1 the cycle is a graph with a single vertex and a loop. In all cases, you can imagine the cycle as a circle passing through _n_ locations.)

The _distance_ _d_ of two vertices is the number of edges on the shortest path that connects them.

A _labelling_ of a cycle is a function _f_ that assigns a positive integer to each of its vertices.

Given a labelling, we may pick a starting vertex and direction along the cycle and write down the labels in the order in which we encounter them. The _n_-tuple obtained in this way is called a _label list_.

There may be multiple label lists corresponding to a single labelling. For example, the label lists (3,8,25,14,17) and (25,8,3,17,14) may come from the same labelling.

A labelling is called _jumpy_ if it has the following properties:

- No two labels are equal.

- For each pair of distinct vertices _u_,_v_ the greatest common divisor of _f_(_u_) and _f_(_v_) is at most _d_(_u_,_v_).

(In other words, neighboring vertices must have relatively prime labels, vertices at distance 2 may only have 2 as the common divisor of their labels, etc.)

For example, a cycle with the label list (3,8,25,14,17) is a jumpy cycle.

The _upper bound_ of a labelling is the largest integer it uses.

Given two distinct label lists of a given cycle, look at the first position where they differ. The one with the smaller value on this position is _lexicographically smaller_.

Task

----

Given is the number of vertices _n_. Find a jumpy labelling of a cycle with _n_ vertices with the smallest possible upper bound. If there are multiple such labellings, pick the one that can produce the lexicographically smallest label list.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Ignore the input.The file's empty, anyway.

### 输出格式

For each _n_ from 1 to 20 output a single line with a sequence of _n_ positive integers: the lexicographically smallest label list that determines a jumpy labelling with the smallest possible upper bound. Separate the integers by single spaces. (Do not print a space after the last integer on a line.)

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\n1\n... and 19 more lines ...
```


