# SEAGOD - Searching God

## 题目描述

Jesse is a biologist and he was studying some aspects of life when he discovered that certain

species of sea animals tried to tell him some things about God. Those animals were using a certain

language to speak with him. They wrote down in binary code (black and white) in the shell they have.

As Jesse was the only one that this message was intended to be delivered, they encrypted the message

in such way that there is a rule to decrypt every bit in the spherical-shaped shell looking at 3 other bit:

the left, itself and the right in this order. So first they write the cyphered message and the rule to

decrypt it in lexicographical order, so the rule space in the shell containing the bit to decrypt “101” will

be rule's bit 5. To turn the cryptography more elaborated there is also the number of rounds that this

must be done to the entire message. Jesse wants to hire you to write a program for him to decrypt the

text and live in harmony forever and ever with the animals he loves and find out who is and what this

God wants to do.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input has several test cases. The first line of a test case contains the message length L (0 < L 10000). The next line contains the message M, of length L bits. In the next line, your program should

read the 8-bits rule R. In another line, the number of rounds 0 until the end of file.

### 输出格式

For each test case your program must write the message M after applying the rule R for N rounds.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5\n10111\n10101010\n1\n10\n1011010101\n11100010\n2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
10000\n1011010101
```


