# PRTYNGHT - Party Night

## 题目描述

Today is the town’s celebration day, on which tradition dictates that all townspeople go partying. Each of them should attend a party at one of the pubs, and dance and drink to the point of intoxication. Later on, once all the parties have come to an end, after-parties start being thrown at other pubs, and every villager then goes to one. In order for the villagers to make as many acquaintances as possible, no two of them attend the same two parties.

Needless to say, such practice causes everyone to have a severe blackout regarding the events of the night, but people are still curious to know what happened. Unfortunately, all they seem to be able to remember is who coincided with them at some point, but they have serious trouble identifying when or where. And as their memory of even this piece of information may be shaky (to say the least), they need help in figuring out whether all their recollections are consistent or if, on the contrary, some of the townspeople must have made a mistake (either by failing to remember someone else who was there, or by incorrectly thinking they met someone they didn’t). Can you help them?

For example, in a town of 4 people, if we are told that villagers 0, 1 and 2 all met one another, and villagers 2 and 3 met as well, the data is consistent because there might have been parties _P_0 and _P_1, and after-parties _A_0, _A_1 and _A_2, such that person 0 went to _P_0 and _A_0, person 1 to _P_0 and _A_1, person 2 to _P_0 and _A_2, and person 3 to _P_1 and _A_2; this arrangement satisfies all required conditions. However, if persons 0 and 3 claimed to have met too, the data would become inconsistent.

**Input**

The input file will contain several test cases. Each of them begins with a line containing two integers: 1 n m m lines follow, each containing a pair of integers _i_ and _j_, 0 i, _j_ < _n_, _i_ ≠ _j_, meaning that persons numbered _i_ and _j_ remember having been together in a pub. No pair of people will appear twice.

Different test cases will be separated by a blank line. A line with _n_ = _m_ = 0 signals the end of the input.

**Output**

For each test case, print “YES” if there is a configuration of parties, after-parties, and villagers attending them under the conditions described, such that the pairs of people who met each other are exactly those in the input data. Print “NO” otherwise.

**Sample Input**

```

4 4

0 1

0 2

1 2

2 3

4 5

0 1

0 2

1 2

2 3

0 3

7 11

0 1

0 2

0 4

1 3

1 5

1 6

2 4

2 5

3 5

3 6

5 6

0

```

    输入输出格式

    输入格式

    

    

    输出格式

    

    

    输入输出样例

            暂无测试点

    

    

    

<!--  -->

