# NAGAY - Joseph&amp;#8217;s Problem

## 题目描述

Joseph likes taking part in programming contests. His favorite problem is, of course, Joseph’s problem.

It is stated as follows.

_There are n persons numbered from 0 to n − 1 standing in a circle. The person number

k, counting from the person number 0, is executed. After that the person number k of the

remaining persons is executed, counting from the person after the last executed one. The

process continues until only one person is left. This person is a survivor. The problem is,

given n and k detect the survivor’s number in the original circle._

Of course, all of you know the way to solve this problem. The solution is very short, all you need is one

cycle:

r := 0;

for i from 1 to n do

r := (r + k) mod i;

return r;

Here “x mod y” is the remainder of the division of x by y

But Joseph is not very smart. He learned the algorithm, but did not learn the reasoning behind it. Thus

he has forgotten the details of the algorithm and remembers the solution just approximately.

He told his friend Andrew about the problem, but claimed that the solution can be found using the

following algorithm:

r := 0;

for i from 1 to n do

r := r + (k mod i);

return r;

Of course, Andrew pointed out that Joseph was wrong. But calculating the function Joseph described is

also very interesting.

Given n and k, find sum of (k%i) from i=1 to n;

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input file contains n and k (1 <= n, k <= 10^18)

### 输出格式

Output the sum requested.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5 3
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
7
```


