# RPLI - Ignore the bounds

## 题目描述

 Luis is seeing his son playing, he ask him gently in what the game consists, the boy replies “Its like this, you have a big number, a bound and a “mod” (the remainder of a division between a number and “mod”), the goal of the game is to discover the maximum sub-number you can create following this rules:”

- The sequence must not decrease lower from the first digit taken.

- The sequence chosen must _not_ reach the bound. By example, if the first digit is 'd' and a bound 'k', the range you can take is between \[d,min(d+k,9)\]

- You can start from _any_ digit of a number.

- For any given start point, you should look for the sub-numbers making the maximum sum applied to the mod operation.

Luis, astonished by the explanation, request his son to give him and example, the boy then continues: “Suppose a number like this: 56789, a bound of 2, and a mod 10. you start with 5, being the bound of 2, this mean you can take up to the digit 7 (this means that you can always collect as many fives, sixes and sevens following the rules explained). The sub-number formed is of “5+6+7”, following the rules, we will have all others sub-numbers: “6+7+8” “7+8+9” “8+9” and “9”, after applying the operation, you will find that the maximum remainder of the sub-number's sum will be of “9”, made by the sub-number “9”.

Luis is a former programmer now and he does not have the same ability he had years ago, please, help him in his task following the game previously defined.

**INPUT:**

The first line of input will contain an integer T denoting the T test cases, then, T cases will follow. Each of the following cases will contain a line with an integer L, a big number N in the range \[10^(L-1),(10^L)-1\], an integer K denoting the bound and the M that will be the mod of the whole operation.

**OUTPUT:**

Output the string “Scenario #i: “ where i is the test case you are analyzing followed by the maximum sum of the sub-sequence that can be formed.

SAMPLE DATA:

**INPUT**

**OUTPUT**

4

7 1235678 2 10

7 1235678 2 3

3 679 2 20

4 3457 2 10

Scenario #1: 8

Scenario #2: 2

Scenario #3: 16

Scenario #4: 9

**CONSTRAINTS:**

1<=L<=100000

10^(L-1)<=N<(10^L)-1

1<=K<=8

1<=M<=45

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

