# QN01 - XOR Game

## 题目描述

### Problem Statement

You are given an array of n integers ( 0 <= n <= 1000 ). Find a contiguous subsequence of these numbers \[ a $ _{i} $ , a $ _{j} $ \] ( 1 <= i, j <= n ), such that the Exclusive-OR of these numbers is maximum. ( That is, a $ _{i} $ XOR a $ _{i+1} $ XOR... a $ _{j} $ should be maximum ).

### Input

The test case contains exactly 2 lines of input.

The first line contains a single integer n ( 0 <= n <= 1000 ), the total number of integers in the sequence given to you.

The next line contains n space separated integers such that the ith integer denotes a $ _{i} $ . ( 0 <= a $ _{i} $ <= 10 $ ^{9} $ ). Note that these integers need not necessarily be distinct.

### Output

Output two lines. In the first line, print out the value of the maximum XOR.

In the second line, print out i and j with a space separating them, such that \[ a $ _{i} $ , a $ _{j} $ \] ( both endpoints inclusive ) denotes the contiguous subsequence with the maximum XOR value.

In case there is more than one subsequence with the maximum XOR value, print out the pair ( i, j ) such that ( i, j ) is lexicographically smallest. ( Formally, we say that a pair ( a, b ) is lexicographically smaller than another pair ( c,d ) if and only if (i) a < c or (ii) a=c and b < d. )

**NOTE** : The subsequence must be non-empty, but may be allowed to contain just one integer. ( i.e, in this case, i = j )

### Example

```

Input #1:

1

4

```

`Output #1:` ```

4

1 1

```

```

Input #2:

3

1 2 3

Output #2:

3

1 2

Explanation:

```

1. In the first test case, since there is only one number, the maximum XOR would be simply the value of that number ( in this case, 4 ), and i = j = 1.

2. In the second test case, the maximum XOR value is 3, but there are 2 contiguous subsequences that define the same XOR value - (i) \[ 1, 2 \] since 1 XOR 2 = 3 (ii) \[ 3, 3 \] since this subsequence contains just the single integer 3. But since \[ 1, 2 \] is lexicographically smaller than \[ 3, 3 \], \[ 1, 2 \] is the desired output.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

