# NATALIAG - Natalia Plays a Game

## 题目描述

When Natalia is not having fun studying Computing Science in Santiago de los Caballeros, she opens up her bag and pulls out an iPad she won at a Programming Olympiad to play a classical maze game.

The maze is a rectangular figure of M rows and N columns. Open areas are represented by a 'O' while closed areas are represented by a '\*'. An area is just a 1x1 block inside the maze. There's an entrance area marked by a '$' and a destination area marked by a '#'. Please note that both the entrance and destination are also open areas.

Once Natalia is located inside an open area, she can decide to move to either cardinal direction (north, south, east or west). In other words, if Natalia is located at (x,y), she can move to either (x + 1, y), (x - 1, y), (x, y + 1) or (x, y - 1). Of course, she can't move inside a closed area.

Given a rectangular maze as described above, output the minimum number of steps necessary to reach the final position from the starting area, if it is possible. If not, output '-1'.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains many lines. The first line contains an integer T (1

### 输出格式

For each test case output the minimum number of steps necessary to reach the final position from the entrance position. If it is impossible to reach the final position, output -1.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2$OO2
3 3
$OO
***
OO#
3 3
$*#
O*O
OOO
***O#3 3$*#O*OOOO2
3 3
$OO
***
OO#
3 3
$*#
O*O
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
-1\n6
```


