# ROULETTD - Natalia Spins The Roulette

## 题目描述

A La Vega Roulette is like a normal Roulette. It is a circular shape with numbers written down on the edge so that they fill up the whole circumference line. It differs from the well-known Roulette in two aspects. First, all numbers have the same color. Second, there is a marker right at the top of the center of the Roulette.

Natalia and Luis are bored and decided to play "Battle of the Spins" with a La Vega Roulette. On her first turn, a player rotates the La Vega Roulette such that the first number is below the marker. Then, she spins the Roulette and writes down the number that landed on the marker. She also records the position of the Roulette. In subsequent turns, the player must first rotate the Roulette back to the position where it ended in her previous turn, spin, sum the new marked number to her current sum and record again the position.

After both players take a turn then a decision must be made to whether continue playing or announce verdict. Let's say the sum of Player 1 and Player 2 are S1 and S2, respectively. If S1 - S2 > K, Player 1 wins and the game is over. If S2 - S1 > K, then Player 2 wins. However, if S1 - S2 = 0, the game is a draw and ends immediately. If none of the previous conditions apply, the game continues.

You are given the amount of numbers by which the La Vega Roulette spinned after each player's turn. Please output the result of the battle.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first input line contains two space-separated integers N (2

### 输出格式

Please output the answer to this problem. If Player 1 wins, write "P1". If Player 2 wins, write "P2". If there's a draw, write "BAD LUCK".

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
6 120
6 5 1 80 10 50
3 2
2 5
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
P1
```


