# RENT - Rent your airplane and make money

## 题意翻译

有n个订单，每个订单有开始时间，占用时间，愿意支付的money3个参数，要求在这n个订单中选择不冲突的的订单使得money总和最大。

## 题目描述

 "ABEAS Corp." is a very small company that owns a single airplane. The customers of ABEAS Corp are large airline companies which rent the airplane to accommodate occasional overcapacity.

Customers send renting orders that consist of a time interval and a price that the customer is ready to pay for renting the airplane during the given time period. Orders of all the customers are known in advance. Of course, not all orders can be accommodated and some orders have to be declined. Eugene LAWLER, the Chief Scientific Officer of ABEAS Corp would like to maximize the profit of the company.

You are requested to compute an optimal solution.

#### Small Example

Consider for instance the case where the company has 4 orders:

- Order 1 (start time 0, duration 5, price 10)

- Order 2 (start time 3, duration 7, price 8)

- Order 3 (start time 5, duration 9, price 7)

- Order 4 (start time 6, duration 9, price 8)

The optimal solution consists in declining Order 2 and 3 and the gain is 10+8 = 18.

Note that the solution made of Order 1 and 3 is feasible (the airplane is rented with no interruption from time 0 to time 14) but non-optimal.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

 The first line of the input contains a number T

### 输出格式

 You are required to compute an optimal solution. For each test case your program has to write the total price paid by the airlines.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
4
0 5 10
3 7 14
5 9 7
6 9 8
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
18
```


