# NAIVELOK - Naive Loki

## 题目描述

Loki has succeeded in his devilish scheme and opened the portal to Asgard to summon his army to earth.

To protect earth from this predicament, Iron Man must find a way to close this portal. He notices that the passcode on the portal is a **palindromic** string S. Also no character in this string occurs more than **2** times. Iron man can remove any number of characters from this string. Genius that he is, he deduces that the portal will close whenever the string is a non-palindrome. But that is too easy for him. So he waits and wonders how many different ways there are to achieve this. Two ways are considered different if there exists an i such that character at index i is removed in one way and not removed in another.

INPUT :

The first line of input contains a single line T, which represents the number of test cases. Then T lines will follow, and each contains a palindromic string S .

OUTPUT:

Print required answer for each test case in a new line. Since the number can be large print it Modulo 1000000007.

CONSTRAINTS

1<= T <=1000

1<= |S| <= 100 ,where |S| represents the length of the string S.

The string S is case sensitive, and will contain only characters in the range \[a-z\], \[A-Z\], \[0-9\].

There would be at most two positions in S which will contain same character .

Memory Limit : 32MB

Time Limit : 1second

EXAMPLE

INPUT:

2

AA

b99b

OUTPUT:

0

6

EXPLANATION :

In the first sample case there is no way in which string can be converted to non-palindrome .

In the second sample case there are 6 ways to convert string to non-palindromic namely ,

i) Remove 1st character : 99b

ii) Remove 1st, 2nd characters : 9b

iii) Remove 1st, 3rd characters : 9b

iv) Remove 2nd, 4th characters : b9

v) Remove 3rd, 4th characters : b9

vi) Remove 4th character : b99

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

