# UOFTAF - Foxic Expressions

## 题目描述

Let's talk about some definitions, shall we?

An uppercase letter is a character between "A'' and "Z'', inclusive. You knew that.

A string is a sequence of characters. You probably knew that.

A Foxic letter is a superior uppercase letter - namely, one of "F", "O", or "X". You probably didn't know that.

A Foxic string is a superior string, consisting only of Foxic letters. You didn't know that.

Finally, a Foxic expression is a special string, with each of its characters being either a Foxic letter, or an "n" immediately following a Foxic letter. A Foxic expression can be translated into a Foxic string by a three-step process. First, up to one character can be added, removed, or modified, provided that the resulting string is still a valid Foxic expression. Next, every Foxic letter immediately preceding an "n" is replaced by zero or more occurrences of that same letter. Finally, each "n" is removed. You most certainly did not know that.

There are $ T $ ( $ 1 \leq T \leq 100 $ ) scenarios to consider, as described above. In each scenario, given a Foxic string $ S $ of length $ N $ ( $ 1 \leq N \leq 100 $ ) and a Foxic expression $ E $ of length $ M $ ( $ 1 \leq M \leq 100 $ ), you'd like to determine whether or not $ E $ can be translated into $ S $ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Line 1: 1 integer, $ T $

For each scenario:

Line 1: 1 integer, $ N $

Line 2: 1 string, $ S $

Line 3: 1 integer, $ M $

Line 4: 1 string, $ E $

### 输出格式

For each scenario:

The string "Yes" (without quotes) if $ E $ can be translated into $ S $ , or "No" otherwise.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2\n5\nOOOFO\n7\nOXnFOXn\n3\nFOX\n7\nOFnOXnO
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp

```
