# GNYR04C - Lennys Lucky Lotto Lists

## 题目描述

Lotto is a lottery, typically with an accumulating jackpot, in which participants play numbers of their choice in a random drawing. Lenny likes to play the lotto in Lincoln county Louisiana. In the game, he picks a list of _n_ numbers in the range from 1 to _m_. If his list matches the drawn list, he wins the big prize, a lifetime supply of large lemons.

Lenny has a scheme that he thinks is likely to be lucky. He likes to choose his list so that each number in it is at least twice as large as the one before it. So, for example, if _n_ = 4 and _m_ = 10, then the possible lucky lists Lenny could pick are:

```

1 2 4 8

1 2 4 9

1 2 4 10

1 2 5 10

```

Thus Lenny has 4 lists to choose from.

Your job, given _n_ and _m_, is to count how many lucky lists Lenny has to his disposal.

Input

=====

The first line of input is a single non-negative integer, which is the number of data sets to follow. All data sets should be handled identically. The next lines, one per data set, contain two integers, _n_and _m_. It is guaranteed that 1 <= _n_ <= 10 and 1 <= _m_ <= 2000 and _n_ <= _m_.

Output

======

For each data set, print a line like the following:

Data set _i_: _n_ _m_ _number_

where _i_ is the data set number (beginning with 1), and _number_ is the maximum number of lucky lists corresponding to the provided values of _n_ and _m_.

Example

=======

Input

```

1

4 10

```

Output

`Data set 1: 4 10 4`

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

