# SWAP_ESY - Swap (Easy - Level 2)

## 题目描述

Let's play with sequence of non negative integer. Given two sequence of **n** non negative integers (a $ _{1} $ ,a $ _{2} $ ,...,a $ _{n} $ ) and (b $ _{1} $ ,b $ _{2} $ ,...,b $ _{n} $ ). Both sequence has maximum element less than **k**, max(a $ _{1} $ $ _{,} $ a $ _{2} $ ,...,a $ _{n} $ )<**k** and max(b $ _{1} $ ,b $ _{2} $ ,...,b $ _{n} $ )<**k**. The game rule is you can edit both sequence with this operaton: swap a $ _{i} $ and b $ _{i} $ with 1in, and the goal is to make sequence **a** and **b** become increasing sequence: a $ _{i} $ ij and b $ _{i} $ ij. But not all initial sequence **a** and **b** can be solved.

For example (2,0) and (0,1) is a pair of sequence that can't be solved:

- If you don't swap any element, you have (2,0) and (0,1), but sequence (2,0) is not increasing.

- If you swap first element only, then the pair become like this (0,0) and (2,1), sequence (2,1) is not increasing.

- If you swap second element only, then the pair become like this (2,1) and (0,0), again (2,1) is not increasing.

- If you swap both element, thrn the pair become like this (0,1) and (2,0), again (2,0) is not increasing

So it's impossible to solve if initial sequence is (2,0) and (0,1), because all possible move can't make both sequence become increasing.

Now given **n** and **k**, your task is to compute number of different pair of initial sequence (**a**,**b**) that can be solved with game described above.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

First line there is an integer **T** denoting number of test case, then **T** test cases follow.

For each case, there are two integers **n** and **k** writen in one line, separated by a space.

### 输出格式

For each case, output number of different pair of initial sequence (**a**,**b**), since the answer can be large, output the answer modulo 10 $ ^{9} $ +7.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
6
2 1
1 2
1 3
2 2
3 2
2 3
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp

```
