# BOXSCHOC - Boxes of Chocolate

## 题目描述

Choco-moo has gone to the super market to buy chocolates for his friends. He entered a shop and found that they sell many boxes of chocolates. All the chocolate boxes are lined up on the display and there are exactly **N (0 < N <= 100000)** chocolate boxes. The i-th number box contains **A**i **(0 < Ai <= 100000)** amount of chocolates inside. Choco-moo loves chocolates and wants to buy all of the boxes, but he won’t. He will only buy boxes that contains amount of chocolates that can be divided by **K** **(0 < K <= 100000)** since he has K number of friends and wants to divide the chocolates equally without wasting any chocolates.

Now, you are given the value N and then N numbers indicating the amount of chocolates inside the N boxes. You have to answer some queries for Choco-moo. You will be given **Q** **(0 < Q <= 100000)** queries.

In each query, Choco-moo will provide you with three integers, **A**, **B** **(0 < A<=B <= N)** and K. Here A and B are index number and K is the number of friends Choco-moo has. Now you have to find how many chocolate boxes Choco-moo can buy between Ath box to Bth box (inclusive)?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains an integer **T** (**T**<=2), which is the number of test cases.

Each test case starts with a number **N.** After that N positive numbers follow indicating amount of chocolates inside each box. After that an integer **Q** is provided indicating number of queries to be answered. Each query has three integers, A, B and K. The ranges of the variables are described in the description.

### 输出格式

For each test case, print case number (Check sample output) and then for every query print the number of chocolate box Choco-moo can buy for his K friends from Ath box to Bth box (inclusive) in a newline.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2
5
1 2 3 4 5
2
1 5 1
1 5 2
5
12 32 5 12 9
3
1 5 2
3 5 3
2 5 2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
&amp;nbsp;
Case 1:
5
2
Case 2:
3
2
2
&amp;nbsp;
Explanation: In Case 1: Query 1 Choco-moo buys all the boxes since all boxes are divisible by 1. In query 2 he buys second and fourth box since they are divisible by 2 ( 2 and 4 ).
Note: Let me know if you think the judge data is weak or there is ambigutiy/mistake in the problem statment.&amp;nbsp;
```


