# POLY1 - Polygon

## 题目描述

We say that two triangles intersect if their interiors have at least one common point. A polygon is called convex if every segment connecting any two of its points is contained in this polygon. A triangle whose vertices are also vertices of a convex polygon is called an elementary triangle of this polygon. A triangulation of a convex polygon is a set of elementary triangles of this polygon, such that no two triangles from the set intersect and a union of all triangles covers the polygon. We are given a polygon and its triangulation. What is the maximal number of triangles in this triangulation that can be intersected by an elementary triangle of this polygon?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The number of test cases _t_ is in the first line of input, then _t_ test cases follow separated by an empty line

In the first line of a test case there is a number _n_, 3 <= _n_ <= 1000, which equals the number of vertices of the polygon. The vertices of the polygon are numbered from 0 to _n_-1 clockwise. The following _n_-2 lines describe the triangles in the triangulation. There are three integers separated by single spaces in the (_i_+1)-st line, where 1 <= _i_ <= _n_-2. These are the numbers of the vertices of the _i_-th triangle in the triangulation.

### 输出格式

For each test case your program should produce one line with exactly one integer - the maximal number of triangles in the triangulation, that can be intersected by a single elementary triangle of the input polygon.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
The number of test cases t is in the first line of input, then t test cases follow separated by an empty line
In the first line of a test case there is a number n, 3 &amp;lt;= n &amp;lt;= 1000, which equals the number of vertices of the polygon. The vertices of the polygon are numbered from 0 to n-1 clockwise. The following n-2 lines describe the triangles in the triangulation. There are three integers separated by single spaces in the (i+1)-st line, where 1 &amp;lt;= i &amp;lt;= n-2. These are the numbers of the vertices of the i-th triangle in the triangulation.
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
For each test case your program should produce one line with exactly one integer - the maximal number of triangles in the triangulation, that can be intersected by a single elementary triangle of the input polygon. 

Example
Sample input:
1
6
0 1 2
2 4 3
0 5 4
2 4 0

Sample output:
4
```


### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1
6
0 1 2
2 4 3
0 5 4
2 4 0
```


### 输出样例 #2

```cpp

```
