# LITELANG - The lightest language

## 题目描述

Alphabet _A $ _{k} $_ consists of _k_ initial letters of English alphabet. A positive integer called a weight is assigned to each letter of the alphabet. A weight of a word built from the letters of the alphabet _A $ _{k} $_ is the sum of weights of all letters in this word. A language over an alphabet _A $ _{k} $_ is any finite set of words built from the letters of this alphabet. A weight of a language is the sum of weights of all its words. We say that the language is prefixless if for each pair of different words _w_, _v_ from this language _w_ is not a prefix of _v_.

We want to find out what is the minimal possible weight of an _n_-element, prefixless language over an alphabet _A $ _{k} $_ .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The number of test cases _t_ is in the first line of input, then _t_ test cases follow separated by an empty line.

In the first line of a test case there are two positive integers _n_ and _k_ separated by a single space, (2 <= _n_ <= 10000, 2 <= _k_ <= 26). These are the number of words in a language and the number of letters in an alphabet respectively. The second line contains _k_ positive integers separated by single spaces. Each of them is not greater than 10000. The _i_-th number is the weight of the _i_-th letter.

### 输出格式

For each test case you should output one line with the weight of the lightest prefixless _n_-element language over the alphabet _A $ _{k} $_ .

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
The number of test cases t is in the first line of input, then t test cases follow separated by an empty line.
In the first line of a test case there are two positive integers n and k separated by a single space, (2 &amp;lt;= n &amp;lt;= 10000, 2 &amp;lt;= k &amp;lt;= 26). These are the number of words in a language and the number of letters in an alphabet respectively. The second line contains k positive integers separated by single spaces. Each of them is not greater than 10000. The i-th number is the weight of the i-th letter.
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
s the result.
```


### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1
3 2
2 5
```


### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
16
```


