# FCATTLE - Farmers Cattle

## 题目描述

 Farmer john owns a single cow and he loves it a lot. The cow has a disease and is going to die. To survive, the cow needs medicine of a particular type each day. Let us say the cow needs **medicine**\[i\] to survive the i $ ^{th} $ day. (medicine\[i\] will be terminated by -1, which is an unavailable medicine, and the cow has to invariably die that day).

To help the cow, john has decided to buy pastures of some medical value. Farmer sees a two-dimensional grid of pastures, each cell having exactly one medical herb. Now he needs to buy a sub-rectangular region of the grid, whose area cannot exceed **A** (**A** > 1). With this region the farmer intends to feed his cow, as long as possible.

**Input Format:**

The input file consists of multiple testcases.

The first line of each testcase contains three integers, **R**, **C** and **A**.

The second line consists of sequence of integers describing **medicine**\[i\]. This list will be terminated by -1.

The next **R** lines contain **C** integers each, specifying the medicinal type of the herb in that cell. (1 <= **R,C** 

Input terminates with a line containing three zeros and must not be processed.

**Output Format:**

For each testcase print a single line containing 5 integers:

_**days r1 c1 r2 c2**_

(1 <= r1 <= r2 <= R, 1 <= c1 <= c2 <= C)

- **_days_** is the number of days the cow survives. We wish to maximise this.

- If there are more than one solutions print the one with minimal r1.

- If there are more than one solutions still, print the one with minimal c1.

- If there are more than one solutions still, print the one with minimal r2.

- If there are more than one solutions still, print the one with minimal c2.

**Sample Input:**

```

3 4 6

12 30 12 100 22 -1

30 12 5 3

12 30 100 5

22 3 22 100

3 4 6

2 30 12 100 22 -1

30 12 5 3

12 30 100 5

22 3 22 100

3 4 6

12 30 12 100 22 -1

30 12 5 3

12 30 100 5

22 12 22 100

0 0 0

```

**Sample Output:**

```

4 1 1 2 3

0 1 1 1 1

5 1 2 3 3

```

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

