# CHASE1 - Chase

## 题目描述

Chase is a two-person board game. A board consists of squares numbered from 1 to _n_. For each pair of different squares it is known if they are adjacent to one another or they are not. Each player has a piece at his disposal. At the beginning of a game pieces of players are placed on fixed, distinct squares. In one turn a player can leave his piece on the square it stands or move it to an adjacent square.

A game board has the following properties:

- it contains no triangles, i.e. there are no three distinct squares such that each pair of them is adjacent,

- each square can be reached by each player.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The number of test cases _t_ is in the first line of input, then _t_ test cases follow separated by an empty line.

In the first line of a test case there are four integers _n_, _m_, _a_ and _b_ separated by single spaces, where 2 <= _n_ <= 3000, _n_-1 <= _m_ <= 15000, 1 <= _a_, _b_ <= _n_. These are (respectively): the number of squares of the board, the number of adjacent (unordered) pairs, the number of the square on which the piece of player A is placed, the number of the square on which the piece of player B is placed. In each of the following lines there are two distinct positive integers separated by a single space, which denote numbers of adjacent squares.

### 输出格式

For each test case you should output one line containing:

- one word "No", if player B cannot catch player A, or

- one integer - the number of turns needed by B to catch A (if B can catch A).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
The number of test cases t is in the first line of input, then t test cases follow separated by an empty line.
In the first line of a test case there are four integers n, m, a and b separated by single spaces, where 2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
s the result.
```


### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
1
9 11 9 4
1 2
3 2
1 4
4 7
7 5
5 1
6 9
8 5
9 8
5 3
4 8
```


### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
3
```


