# CONTEST - Fixed Partition Contest Management

## 题目描述

A technique used in early programming contest strategies involved partitioning the available intellectual capacity of a team into a number of members with each member having a fixed amount of intelligence, different members potentially having different amounts. The sum of the brightness of all members equals the total intellectual capacity of the team.

Given a set of problems, it was the task of the team to assign the problems to different team members, so that they could be solved concurrently. This was made difficult due to the fact that the solution time of a problem might depend on the amount of intelligence available to it. Every problem has a minimum intelligence requirement, but if assigned to a brighter member its solution time might increase or decrease.

In this task, you have to determine optimal assignments of problems to team members. Your program is given the intellectual capacities of the team members available for the solution of problems, and for each problem a description of how its solution time depends on the amount of intelligence available to it. Your program has to find the solution schedule of the problems that minimizes the average solution time for the problems. A solution schedule is an assignment of problems to team members and times, such that no two problems use the same member at the same time, and no problem is assigned to a team member with less brightness than its minimum requirement. The solution time of the problem is the difference between the time when the problem was submitted to be solved (which is the start of the contest at time zero for all problems in this task), and the time that the problem is solved.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

