# ATMS - Automatic Teller Machines

## 题目描述

Every member of Byteland Credit Society is entitled to loan any amount of Bytelandish ducats unless it is 10 $ ^{30} $ or more, but he has to return the whole amount within seven days. There are 100 ATMs in the Client Service Room of the Society. They are numbered from 0 to 99. Every ATM can perform one action only: it can pay or receive a fixed amount. The _i_-th ATM pays 2 _$ ^{i} $_ ducats if _i_ is even or it receives 2 _$ ^{i} $_ ducats if _i_ is odd. If a client is going to loan a fixed sum of money it is necessary to check if he is able to get the money using every ATM at most once. If so, numbers of ATMs he has to use should be determined. It is also necessary to check if the client can return the money in a similar way, and if so, to determine numbers of ATMs he has to use.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

In the first line of input there is one positive integer _n_ <= 10000, which equals the number of clients.

In each of the following _n_ lines there is one positive integer less than 10 $ ^{30} $ (at most 30 decimal digits). The number in the _i_-th line describes the amount of ducats which the client _i_ is going to loan.

### 输出格式

For each client you should output two lines with a decreasing sequence of positive integers from the range \[0..99\] separated by single spaces, or one word "No":

In the first line of the _i_-th pair of lines there should be numbers of ATMs (in decreasing order) that the client _i_ should use to get his loan or one word "No" if the loan cannot be received according to the rules;

In the second line of the _i_-th pair there should be numbers of ATMs (in decreasing order) which the client _i_ should use to return his loan or the word "No".

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
In the first line of input there is one positive integer n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
s the results.
```


### 输入样例 #2

```cpp
2
7
633825300114114700748351602698
```


### 输出样例 #2

```cpp
4 3 1 0
3 0
No
99 3 1
```


