# CIRCLES - Circles

## 题目描述

Little Gary plays the following video game. Circles pop up on the screen and disappear from it. When the screen flashes, Gary can draw a straight line on the screen and win as many points as there are circles intersected by the line. As a born-to-be-winner, Gary wants to maximize his score. Please, help him, and write a program that will determine the maximum number of points he can win each time the screen flashes.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains _M_ (_1_ ≤ _M_ ≤ _1000_), the number of events during the game. The next _M_ lines contain descriptions of the events, one per line. They can be in one of the following three formats:

1 _x_ _y_ _r_

, representing a circle of radius _r_ popping up with the position of its center at (_x_, _y_) in the plane

2 _i_

, representing a circle _i_ disappearing, where circle _i_ is the _i_th circle that popped up since the beginning of the game; and

3

, representing the screen flashing.

_x_, _y_, and _r_ are real numbers with at most two decimals, _-10 $ ^{6} $_ < _x_, _y_, _r_  0.

Notes:

- A line intersects a circle if it has at least two common points with it.

- At any time, no two Circles on the screen have a common point.

- At any time, there is no line that "touches" more than two circles (a line touches a circle if they have exactly one common point).

- At any time, there are no more than 100 circles on the screen.

- Each _i_ determines a circle that is on the screen at the moment of removal.

- No circle is removed twice.

### 输出格式

Each time the screen flashes, write an integer to a separate line, which is the maximum number of circles Gary can intersect.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
9
1 3.00 0.00 1.00
1 -2.00 0.00 1.00
3
1 2.00 3.00 1.50
3
1 2.00 -4.00 1.00
3
2 3
3
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2
2
3
2
```


