# EMPTY - Empty Cuboids

## 题目描述

 We call a cuboid **regular** if:

- one of its vertices is a point with coordinates (0,0,0),

- edges beginning in this vertex lie on the positive semi-axes of the coordinate system,

- the edges are not longer than 10 $ ^{6} $

There is given a set **A** of points of space, whose coordinates are integers from the interval \[1..10 $ ^{6} $ \]. We try to find a regular cuboid of maximal volume which does not contain any of the points from the set **A**. A point belongs to the cuboid if it belongs to the interior of the cuboid, i.e. it is a point of the cuboid, but not of its wall.

### Task

Write a program which:

- reads from the standard input the coordinates of points from the set **A**,

- finds one of the regular cuboids of maximal volume which does not contain any points from the set **A**,

- writes the result to standard output.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Input begins with a line containing integer t<=10, the number of test cases. t test cases follow.

In the first line of each test case one non-negative integer _n_ is written ( _n_ <= _5000_). It is the number of elements in the set **A**. In the following _n_ lines of the input there are triples of integers from the interval \[1..10 $ ^{6} $ \], which are the X, Y and Z coordinates of points from **A**, repectively. Numbers in each line are separated by single spaces.

### 输出格式

 For each test case there should be three integers separated by single spaces. These are the X, Y and Z coordinates (respectively) of the vertex of the regular cuboid of maximal volume. If there is more than one such a cuboid, choose whichever. We require that all coordinates be positive.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
4
3 3 300000
2 200000 5
90000 3 2000
2 2 1000
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1000000 200000 1000
```


