# BFPRMCYC - Peculiar Permutivores

## 题目描述

On the gentle plains of Bytelandia, the mysterious ruffalo wander in herds solving combinatorics problems and searching for their next meals. Finding suitable food is becoming more and more difficult, as over the years the ruffalo have developed a curious diet consisting solely of permutations. To make matters worse, roughly half of all existing ruffalo lack the enzyme that would allow their stomachs to decompose permutations into cycles, and the other half are allergic to explicitly written fixed points.

The two great ruffalo leaders, Wildthings and Nowyouseemee, have joined forces to build a device that can automatically transform permutations into a notation that everyone can digest and enjoy (but not necessarily in that order). The bright young programmer Zodiac was assigned the task of building the device, but in a tragic freak accident he swallowed a fixed point and died shortly thereafter. Zodiac's assistants found a single sheet of paper lying next to his body on the laboratory floor with just eight symbols written on it: "+-\[\],.". Out of respect for Zodiac's dying wish, the Ruffalo High Council passed a decree that the device must be built entirely in branf\*\*k, no matter what the cost. Nowyouseemee has personally offered an unprecedented reward of 54 Gifts of Heaven to anyone who can successfully complete the task. While nobody has ever seen a Gift of Heaven, it is said that they come in magical bright green boxes that become a little faded after a day, and a little more faded after a week.

**Note:** You can use any programming language you want, as long as it is brainf\*\*k. If you would like to submit in other languages, please see the [tutorial](http://www.spoj.com/problems/PERMCYC/) version.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains an integer **T** (1 T T lines, representing **T** test cases. The first line of each test case contains an integer **N** (1 N N\] as a space-separated list of **N** integers. Every line ends with a single newline character (ASCII 10), including the last line.

### 输出格式

**T** lines containing the disjoint cycle decomposition of the corresponding permutation. For the identity permutation, print "e" without quotes. If there is more than one correct answer, print any of them.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
3
1 2 3
3
2 1 3
4
2 1 4 3
9
3 8 9 4 1 7 6 2 5
9
3 8 9 4 1 7 6 2 5
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
e
(1 2)
(1 2)(3 4)
(1 3 9 5)(2 8)(6 7)
(2 8)(9 5 1 3)(7 6)
```


