# MAP - The Map

## 题目描述

 After a new administrative division of Byteland cartographic office works on a new demographic map of the country. Because of technical reasons only a few colors can be used. The map should be colored so that regions with the same or similar population (number of inhabitants) have the same color. For a given color _k_ let **A**(_k_) be the number, such that:

- at least half of regions with color _k_ has population not greater than **A**(_k_)

- at least half of regions with color _k_ has population not less than **A**(_k_)

**A coloring error of a region** is an absolute value of the difference between **A**(_k_) and the region's population. **A cumulative error** is a sum of coloring errors of all regions. We are looking for an optimal coloring of the map (the one with the minimal cumulative error).

### Task

Write a program which:

- reads the population of regions in Byteland from the standard input,

- computes the minimal cumulative error,

- writes the result to the standard output.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

 The number of test cases t is in the first line of input, then t test cases follow separated by an empty line. In the first line of each test case an integer _n_ is written, which is the number of regions in Byteland, _10< n <3000_. In the second line the number _m_ denoting thenumber of colors used to color the map is written, _2 <= m <= 10_. In each of the following _n_ lines there is one non-negative integer - a population of one of the regions of Byteland. No population exceeds _2^30_.

### 输出格式

 Your program should write for each test case one integer number equal to a minimal cumulative error, which can be achieved while the map is colored (optimally).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
11
3
21
14
6
18
10
2
15
12
3
2
2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
15
```


