# ISELECT - Interesting Selection

## 题目描述

There is a giant circular container which is divided into N segments numbered from 0 to N-1.

Each segment has two bottles, one is a bottle of cold-drink and other is a bottle of poision. Drinking from bottle of cold-drink increases your energy by A\[i\] while drinking from bottle of poision decreases your energy by B\[i\].

The corresponding energies for the same are given in input.

Now as it is circular, so bottles in segment N-1 and segment 0 are adjacent. If you do not drink from bottle of cold-drink, then you have to drink from bottle of poision in that segment. Furthermore you cannot drink from bottle of cold-drink in adjacent segments. You have to drink in such a way so that your energy maximizes. Find this maximum value.

**Note : Your initial energy will be 0 and the final maximum energy can be negative.**

**Input Format**

There will be T test cases and in each test case there will be an integer N which is the size of the container.

Next line contain N integers denoting the first array and the second line also contain N integers denoting the second array.

**Output Format**

There will be T lines each containing the output for each test case.

**Constraints**

1 1 1 9

**Sample Input**

1

3

1 2 3

4 5 6

**Sample Output**

-6

**Explanation**

There are 3 segments and the pairs are (1,4), (2,5) ,(3,6)

The optimal solution is to drink third potion and first two bottle of poision.

The answer in this case is (-4 + - 5 + 3 ) = -6

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

