# POTHOLE - Potholers

## 题目描述

A team of speleologists organizes a training in the Great Cave of Byte Mountains. During the training each speleologist explores a route from Top Chamber to Bottom Chamber. The speleologists may move down only, i.e. the level of every consecutive chamber on a route should be lower then the previous one. Moreover, each speleologist has to start from Top Chamber through a different corridor and each of them must enter Bottom Chamber using different corridor. The remaining corridors may be traversed by more than one speleologist. How many speleologists can train simultaneously?

### Task

Write a program which:

- reads the cave description from the standard input,

- computes the maximal number of speleologists that may train simultaneously,

- writes the result to the standard output.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

 The number of test cases t is in the first line of input, then t test cases follow separated by an empty line. In the first line of each test case there is one integer _n_ (_2<=n<=200_), equal to the number of chambers in the cave. The chambers are numbered with integers from _1_ to _n_ in descending level order - the chamber of grater number is at the higher level than the chamber of the lower one. (Top Chamber has number _1,_ and Bottom Chamber has number _n_). In the following _n-1_lines (i.e. lines _2,3,...,n_) the descriptions of corridors are given. The (_i+1_)-th line contains numbers of chambers connected by corridors with the _i_-th chamber. (only chambers with numbers grater then _i_ are mentioned). The first number in a line, _m_, _0<=m<=_(_n-i+1_), is a number of corridors exiting the chamber being described. Then the following _m_ integers are the numbers of the chambers the corridors are leading to.

### 输出格式

 Your program should write one integer for each test case. This number should be equal to the maximal number of speleologists able to train simultaneously,

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
12
4 3 4 2 5
1 8
2 9 7
2 6 11
1 8
2 9 10
2 10 11
1 12
2 10 12
1 12
1 12
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
3
```


