# ROCKETS - Rockets

## 题目描述

 There are two separate, _n_-element sets of points of a two dimensional map: **R** and **W**. None triple of points from the set **R**U**W** is collinear. Rockets earth-to-earth are located on points from the set **R**. Enemy objects, which should be destroyed, are located on points from the set **W**. The rockets may fly only in the straight line and their trajectories cannot intersect. We are about to find for each rocket a target to destroy.

### Task

Write a program which:

- reads from the standard input coordinates of the points from the sets **R** and **W**,

- finds the set of _n_ pairwise not-intersecting segments, so that one end of each segment belongs to the set **R**, while the other belongs to the set **W**,

- writes the result into the standard output.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

 The number of test cases t is in the first line of input, then t test cases follow separated by an empty line. In the first line of each test case there is written one integer _n_, _1<=n<=10000_, equal to the number of elements of the sets **R** and **W**.

In each of the following _2n_ lines of the input one pair of integer numbers from the interval \[_-10000, 10000_\] is written. Numbers in each pair are separated by a single space. They are coordinates of the point on a map (first coordinate _x_, then _y_). The first _n_ lines comprise coordinates of the points from the set **R**, the last _n_ lines comprise the points from the set **W**. In the (_i+1_)-th line there are coordinates of the point _r $ _{i} $_ , in the (_i+n+1_)-th line there are coordinates of the point _w $ _{i} $_ , _1<= i<= n_.

### 输出格式

 The output for each test case should consist of _n_ lines. In the _i_-th line there should be one integer _k(i)_, such that the segment _r $ _{i} $ w $ _{k(i)} $_ belongs to the set of segments which your program found. (This means that the rocket from the point _r $ _{i} $_ destroys an object in the point _w $ _{k(i)} $_ ).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
4
0 0
1 5
4 2
2 6
1 2
5 4
4 5
3 1
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2
1
4
3
```


