# POLYGAME - The Game of Polygons

## 题目描述

 Two players take part in the game **polygons**. A convex polygon with _n_ vertices divided by _n-3_ diagonals into _n-2_ triangles is necessary. These diagonals may intersect in vertices of the polygon only. One of the triangles is black and the remaining ones are white. Players proceed in alternate turns. Each player, when its turn comes, cuts away one triangle from the polygon. players are allowed to cut off triangles along the given diagonals. The winner is the player who cuts away the black triangle.

NOTE: We call a polygon **convex** if a segment joining any two points of the polygon is contained in the polygon.

### Task

Write a program which:

- reads from the standard input the description of the polygon,

- verifies whether the player who starts the game has a winning strategy,

- writes the result to the standard output.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

 The number of test cases t is in the first line of input, then t test cases follow separated by an empty line. The first line of each test case contains an integer _n_, _4 <= n <= 50000_. This is the number of vertices in the polygon. The vertices of the polygon are numbered, clockwise, from to _n-1_.

The next _n-2_ lines comprise descriptions of triangles in the polygon. In the _i+1_-th line, _1 <= i <= n-2_, there are three non-negative integers _a, b, c_ separated by single spaces. Theses are numbers of vertices of the _i_-th triangle. The first triangle in a sequence is black.

### 输出格式

 The output for each test case should have one line with the word:

- YES, if the player, who starts the game has a winning strategy,

- NO, if he does not have a winning strategy.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
6
0 1 2
2 4 3
4 2 0
0 5 4
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES
```


