# UCBINTJ - DNA

## 题意翻译

给定一个由A,C,G,T组成的字符串，试改变字符串中字符的顺序，使该字符串与原字符串的最长公共子序列长度最小。

输出：输出第一行为最长公共子序列的长度；第二行是改变字符顺序后的字符串。

## 题目描述

The mad scientist Byteasar would like to give birth to a new kind of creatures. For this, he has decided to modify the genome of a Bytean mouse.

A DNA can be described as a sequence nucleotides denoted by letters A, C, G and T. Byteasar’s master plan is quite simple: using the DNA of a mouse, he is going to create a new DNA of the same length that is as little similar to the mouse’s DNA as possible. The similarity of two DNAs is the length of their longest common subsequence. The longest common subsequence of two words x, y is defined as the longest word that can be obtained from each of x, y by removing some (possibly none) letters from both words. (Note that two words may have several longest common subsequences. For example, the longest common subsequences of the words CACCA and CAAC are: CAA and CAC.) Write a program that computes the requested DNA.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains one integer n (1 n 10000), the length of the DNA of a Bytean mouse. The second line contains a description of nucleotides in the DNA: a sequence of n uppercase letters A, C, G, T.

### 输出格式

The first line of output should contain one integer: the similarity of the Bytean mouse's DNA and the DNA computed by your program. The second line should hold a sequence of letters A, C, G, T. This should be a DNA that is as little similar to the DNA from the input as possible. Should there be many correct answers, your program may output any one of them.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4
GACT
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1
TCAG
```


