# CANDY2 - Candy II

## 题目描述

Little Michael loves candies. Most of all, he likes chocolate, strawberry and banana flavored ones. No wonder that he has candy bags everywhere - there are at least four bags on his table, one or two in the pockets of his jeans, and one under his bed (just in case). Each bag contains some candies of all three flavors. Whenever he wants to eat a candy, he finds the nearest bag (which is usually is not very far because he has really A LOT of them) and eats the candy he wants.

Yesterday, he wanted a strawberry one, so he opened one of his bags and... It is almost impossible to describe how great his disappointment was when he found out that there were no strawberry candies left in that bag. To make the matters worse, there were also none in the second bag he found. He was sure that he had lots of strawberry candies left, but he didn't know in which bags they were. Therefore, he decided to reorganize his candies, and keep the candies of the three different flavors in three distinct bags. He brought all his bags into the center of his room and realized, that there are really an awful lot of them.

Michael has N bags full of candies. He knows the number of candies of each flavor in each bag. He wants to put all chocolate ones into one bag, all strawberry ones into another bag and all banana ones into yet another bag. He has to move the candies one-by-one, because he always has to look at it to determine its flavor. Moving one candy from one bag into another takes 1 second. Your task is to select the bag for each flavor, so that the total time required for Michael to move all the candies into their bags would be minimal.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
file:
5
10 10 10
40 39 40
10 20 30
30 20 10
1 2 27
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
file:
3
1
2
```


