# CARRALLY - Electric Car Rally

## 题目描述

In an attempt to demonstrate the practicality of electric cars, ElecCarCo is sponsoring a cross-country road rally. There are n charging stations for the rally where cars may check in and charge their batteries.

The rally may require multiple days of travel. Each car can travel four hours (240 minutes) between charges. A car must be plugged into a charger for two minutes for each minute of travel time. Cars start the rally at noon on the first day, fully charged. Cars are permitted remain at a station even after they are fully charged.

It is only possible to drive directly between select pairs of stations. Variations in traffic conditions, road conditions, availability of HOV lanes, etc., result in different travel times along each route depending upon the time of day at which travel along that route begins. All roads are two-way, and the prevailing conditions affect travel in both directions.

The winner is the first car to reach checkpoint n-1, starting form checkpoint 0. Other than the starting and ending conditions, cars may pass through the stations in any order, and need not visit all stations to complete the course.

Write a program to determine the earliest time, expressed as the total number of minutes elapsed since the start of the rally, at which a car could reach the final checkpoint.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

There will be several test cases in the input. Each test case starts with a line containing n

### 输出格式

For each test case, output a single integer representing the smallest number of minutes needed to complete the rally. Output no spaces, and do not separate answers with blank lines.

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

