# BOMBER1 - Saving Planet Bomber (Easy)

## 题目描述

```

You are requested to donate your two cents to help us build a better nation: https://donate.aamaadmiparty.org/

```

Jay and Nemo are galactic wanderers. While travelling around in Bomber Nebula, they decided to spend some time in the famous Bingeling Empire. To manage their expenses, they took up an internship under Dr.Ein, the scientist assisting the Bomberman.

Unfortunately at the same time, Fiendish Bombers penetrated the defenses of the planet Bomber and have swarmed the entire empire. Consider the empire as **NxNxN** maze with each cell occupied by the enemy. You can also view it as a huge cube with side **N**.

The task of Jay and Nemo is now to guide the Bomberman to plant the bombs and destroy enemies. Because one of Dr. Ein's new invention, the Fire ability of the Bomberman’s bomb is infinite. That is, if it explodes at **(x,y,z)** it will destroy enemies in all the cells **(\*,y,z)** , **(x,\*,z)** and **(x,y,\*)**. Since most of the resources of the empire are captured, they are left with only **M** bombs. Although being good computer scientists, they are exceptionally poor at visualising things in 3 dimensions. So they ask you,  the greatest programmer ever to roam on Earth: Is is possible to defeat the invaders?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains **T**, the number of test cases. Each of the next **T** lines contains 2 space separated integers **N** and **M**, denoting the size of the maze and the count of available bombs respectively.

### 输出格式

"**POSSIBLE**" or "**IMPOSSIBLE**" depending upon each test case.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4\n1 0\n1 1\n1 2\n2 1\n\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
IMPOSSIBLE\nPOSSIBLE\nPOSSIBLE\nIMPOSSIBLE\n\n
Warning: Large I/O. Tested for most languages, but let me know if you are getting TLE.\n
```


