# DSWEETS - Distributing sweets

## 题目描述

One day AAST students had their marks in “Scientific Thinking” and most of students had bad marks.

So the lecturer want to give them something to make them happy so he checked his bag and found n sweets, so he decided to distribute them to his students by this way:

1- Everyone gets an integer number of sweets and at least one sweet.

2- He wanted the ratio between mark of a student and number of sweets this student gets equal to the ratio between these of any other student. (for all students: mark of a student / number of sweets he gets = constant, where number of sweats he gets are more than zero and this constant could be any real number).

3- It must be distributed following last conditions such that no sweets remain.

Example: if two students x and y, x has 5 marks and y has 10 marks, so y must get double the number of sweets x will get which is the number of sweets x will get is at least one.

But Mohamed Ramzy is the most student joking in his lecture so that he decided to punish him and asked him to distribute the sweets, but Ramzy doesn’t know if it is possible to distribute the sweets following the conditions the lecturer stated so he asked you to help him.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

First line contains an integer t, the number of test cases.

For each test case , it begins with two integers n and m, the number of sweets and the number of students respectively. The next line contains m integers, the marks of the students, such that the first mark belongs to the first student , the second mark belongs to the second students and so on…

Edit: There is no blank line in the input file

### 输出格式

For each test case print one line: “YES” if it is possible to distribute it following the conditions, “NO” otherwise.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
5 4
1 1 1 1
4 4
1 1 1 1
3 2
1 2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
NO
YES
YES
```


