# DCEPC14A - Another Version of Inversion

## 题意翻译

神鱼 NaCly_Fish 有一个二维数组 $a$。如果存在两个数对 $(x_1,y_1),(x_2,y_2)$ 满足 $x_1\le x_2,y_1\le y_2,a_{x_1,y_1}>a_{x_2,y_2}$，那么 $(x_1,y_1,x_2,y_2)$ 称为一个二维逆序对。

reg3210TI 通过不明手段知道了 $a$，她想知道这个二维数组中二维逆序对的个数。

（对题意有所简化）

## 题目描述

DCE Coders admins are way much geekier than they actually seem! Kartik has been following that tradition lately. How? Well, he took the inversion count problem to a whole new level!

Sounds pretty normal to you, huh? Wanna challenge him? Try solving his version of inversion count then!

You are given a 2-d array of integers. You need to find out the inversion count of that array. A pair of integers in the 2-d array counts as an inversion pair (A,B) if and only if:

- There exists a valid path from top-left corner (0,0) to bottom right corner (r,c) such that A and B integers lie on that path.

- A occurs before B on that path.

- And, A > B.

A valid path is defined as a path that can be traversed from top-left corner (0,0) to bottom-right corner (r,c) by moving only in right or downwards direction, without moving out of the grid.

Are you geekier than Kartik?

**Constraints:**

0 < R,C <= 300

0 < Ai <= 10^5, where Ai stands for an integer in the array.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

First line contains space separated 2 integers, R and C, denoting the number of rows and columns.

Next R lines contain C space separated integers representing the 2-d array

### 输出格式

Output the number of inversion pairs as described in the problem statement.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4 4
3 4 2 5
1 7 11 16
8 9 6 12
10 13 15 14
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
10
```


