# RABBIT1 - Counting Rabbits

## 题目描述

Rabbits are incredible animals. One of their more interesting characteristics is related with their reproduction. If we keep a couple of adult rabbits in optimal conditions of life, it is scientifically proved that, each month, that couple is capable of procreating a new couple of young rabbits. You should know that only the adult couples may procreate and that the time taken by a young couple of rabbits to grow (that is, to become adult) is of 1 month. For the convenience of this task, we will be dealing with immortal rabbits.

Farmer Luis (FL) is a great admirer of rabbits. FL bought in the market 1 couple of adult rabbits (alive, of course) and know wants to raise as many rabbits as he can. Unfortunately, there is a little problem, FL has boxes where he can only put exactly 2^M (1 <= M <= 20) couples of rabbits (neither more nor less). FL can use as many boxes as he wishes as long as he fulfils the condition above. FL would like to know how many couples of rabbits he will not be able to put inside boxes if he raises rabbits for N (1 <= N <= 2147483647) months and then tries to ‘box’ them (put them inside boxes). You should help FL with these calculations. You must consider that FL starts with 1 adult couple of rabbits the 1st month, and that couples of rabbits reproduce and grow as stated in the 1st paragraph.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Line 1: C (1 <= C <= 100), the number of calculations your program will be requested to do

Lines 2-C+1: two integers N and M (in that order)

### 输出格式

Lines 1-C: on each lines print S, which is the number of un-'boxed' couples of rabbits.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
5 2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
0
```


