# GLGRID - G-Line Grid

## 题目描述

The 21st century introduces the multicores. As a result a research is going on in parallel Computing. With time the number of processor would grow very large. As of now, Professor Biloo at IIIT asks a student to implement the following code on multiple G-line processors.

```

for(i=1;i<=x;i++){

for(j=1;j<=x;j++){

for(k=1;k<=a;k++){

z=z%y;

}

}

for(j=1;j<=b;j++){

z=z/y;

}

}

for(i=1;i<=c;i++){

z=z%y;

}

```

The students experiments and finds that the only significant operations are the modulus(%) and division(/) operation which take almost equal time. The time taken by other operations may be ignored in the order analysis. He finds a algorithm to solve the problem in which these operations can be carried out in random order. For his testing he chooses M processors . Each processor will carry out exactly M operations (% or /) .The performance is optimal when such a scheme exactly covers all the operations.

Puzzled, the student finds that this can only be done for some specific values of x for given a,b and c. He wants to trick the professor, so he needs few values of x for which his algorithm works. However, to make the professor feel that he manually did it these values of x need to be as small as possible.

Given the values of a,b,c and k, output the first k values of x, for which the student's algorithm works.

**Note:** The value of x should be greater than or equal to 0.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains an integer t , the number of testcases. For each testcase , there is exactly one line which contains 4 space separated a,b,c and k.

### 输出格式

For each test case, output the corresponding k values of x, each in successive different lines.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
1 2 1 4
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
0
1
2
3
```


