# JOLLYKINGDOM - Jolly Kingdom

## 题目描述

Jolly Kingdom is a kingdom which is famous for its troops' power. Jolly Kingdom has N swordsman troops and M archer troops where each troop has his/her own unique fighting style, different with others.

For the 10 $ ^{th} $ times, an evil witch with her monster troops tries to seize the throne of Jolly Kingdom. According to the information gathered from Jolly Kingdom's spies, the witch will attack everyday for H days. Each day, the witch will add 1 new monster into her monster troops. This makes enemy's troops become stronger every day.

Each monster owned by the witch is strong and almost unbeatable, only the X $ _{i} $ $ ^{th} $ swordsman troop or the Y $ _{i} $ $ ^{th} $ archer troop can beat the monster. After the monster has been defeated by Jolly Kingdom's troop, that monster will take a reset and attack again in the next day.

To protect Jolly Kingdom, every day **all monsters** have to be defeated, but the cost to send 1 troop is expensive, so the king wants to send minimum number of troops every day such that the sent troops will be able to defeat **all monsters** exist on that corresponding day.

The king asks you for your help, as a royal advisor, the number of troops the king has to send every day.

**Input**

First line consists of 3 integers: N, M, and H (1

There can't be 2 monsters with the exact same weakness (there won't be any monster i and j where X $ _{i} $ = X $ _{j} $ and Y $ _{i} $ = Y $ _{j} $ for all 1

**Output**

Print H lines. Each line contains 1 number represents the answer to the king's question.

**Sample Tests**

Input ```

4 4 9

1 1

1 2

1 3

2 1

4 1

3 4

3 3

4 3

4 4

```

  Output  ```

1

1

1

2

2

3

3

4

4

```

 **Explanation for sample case**

Notation: { swordsman troop number: monster number(s) defeated } { archer troop number: monster number(s) defeated }  

 1 $ ^{st} $ day: {**1**: 1} {}  

 2 $ ^{nd} $ day: {**1**: 1 2} {}  

 3 $ ^{rd} $ day: {**1**: 1 2 3} {}  

 4 $ ^{th} $ day: {**1**: 1 2 3} {**1**: 4}  

 5 $ ^{th} $ day: {**1**: 1 2 3} {**1**: 4 5}  

 6 $ ^{th} $ day: {**1**: 1 2 3; **3**: 6} {**1**: 4 5}  

 7 $ ^{th} $ day: {**1**: 1 2 3; **3**: 6 7} {**1**: 4 5}  

 8 $ ^{th} $ day: {**1**: 1 2 3; **3**: 6 7; **4**: 8} {**1**: 4 5}  

 9 $ ^{th} $ day: {**1**: 1 2 3; **3**: 6 7; **4**: 8 9} {**1**: 4 5}

**Information**

- The constraints above is not typo, N and M can be as large as 1000 (1 Thousand), so H can be as large as 10 $ ^{6} $ (1 Million). So this problem has 10× larger constraints than the original one.

- Warning: Large Input/Output files, each file I/O can be as large as 7.5 Megabytes (7.5 MB), cin or cout probably too slow for I/O, it's recommended to use scanf/printf (I've tested it).

- If you find this problem too hard, you can try this first:  original problem with smaller constraints.

**Trivia**

- The total size of file I/O in this problem is slightly more than 100 MB, took a while to generate, modify, and upload it. :)

- If the witch attack Jolly Kingdom everyday for 1 Million days that means the attack took more than 2500 years. :o

- If I count number of operation in the deepest loop of my algo on worst case input, it will be 671,163,499 operations.

**Credit & Special thanks**

- [Sandy Karunia](https://id.linkedin.com/in/sandy-karunia-150097a8 "Sandy Karunia") - Developer of [Jollybee Online Judge](https://jollybeeoj.com/)

- [Alvin Setiadi](https://id.linkedin.com/in/alvin-setiadi-512289aa "Alvin Setiadi") - Original problem author

    输入输出格式

    输入格式

    

    

    输出格式

    

    

    输入输出样例

            暂无测试点

    

    

    

<!--  -->

