# TENALI - The wit of Tenali Raman

## 题目描述

Tenali Ramakrishna, who was known as Vikatakavi (jester poet) was a Telugu poet generally known for his wit and humor. He joined the famous troupe of 'Bhagavatha Mela'. When the troupe came to Vijayanagara to perform in front of the king, Ramakrishna's performance caught the eye of the King Krishnadevaraya and other people. He shared his life story with Krishnadevaraya, who granted him the post of the comic poet in the court. Ramakrishna attained fame as a great jester poet. Tenali was instrumental in protecting the King many times, coming to his rescue in critical situations. So Krishnadevaraya praised Tenali very much and this made other ministers jealous of him. One of the minister decided to insult Tenali in front of the king.

The minister then took a bag containing **N** number of gems numbered from **0 to N-1**.He picked some **K** of the gems and asked the soldiers to distribute it to the people. The minister computed the sum of the numbers on the gems he distributed. He told Tenali only that the **sum** was divisible by **N** and asked Tenali to find the number of possible sets of distributed gems.

Help Tenali to find the answer. Since the result may be big return the answer modulo 1,000,000,007.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

First line T the number of test cases (1<=T<=10)

Followed by T lines containing the value for N,K.

N the number Gems in the bag(1 <=N <=1000000000).

K the number of Gems distributed(1<=K<= 1000 and K will be less than or equal to N).

### 输出格式

Return the number of possible set of gems distributed modulo 1,000,000,007

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
17 4
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
5Exaplanation:7 gems are numbered 0 to 6 and 4 of them were distributed. Possible sets of gems distributed are {0, 1, 2, 4}, {0, 3, 5, 6}, {1, 2, 5, 6}, {1, 3, 4, 6}, {2, 3, 4, 5}.
```


