# SERGEARS - Gears

## 题目描述

A set of gears is installed on the plane. You are given the center coordinate and radius of each gear, which are all integer-valued. For a given source and target gear, indicate what happens to the target gear if you attempt to turn the source gear. Possibilities are:

- The source gear cannot move, because it would drive some gear in the arrangement to turn in both directions.

- The source gear can move, but it is not connected to the target gear.

- The source gear turns the target gear, at a certain ratio.

If the source gear cannot move, give this result, even if the source and target gears are not connected.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Each input will consist of a single test case. Note that your program may be run multiple times on different inputs. The first line of input contains a single integer **n** (1 n n lines, one per gear, containing the **x**, **y** (-10,000 x, **y** r (1 r x, **y**) is the position of the axle of the gear, and **r** is its radius. Assume that the teeth of the gears are properly designed, and accounted for in the radius, so that any gear will mesh with any other gear if (and only if) they are tangent to each other. The gears will never overlap.

### 输出格式

Output a single line, with the following content, based on the result:

- "-1" - if the source gear cannot move.

- "0" - if the source gear can move but is not connected to the target.

- "a b" - if the source gear moves the target gear, where **a** and **b** are two space-separated integers, and **a** : **b** is the ratio of source gear revolutions to target gear revolutions reduced to its lowest form (i.e. they have no common factor other than 1).

- **a** is always positive.

- If the target turns in the same direction as the source, **b** is positive.

- If the target turns in the opposite direction as the source, **b** is negative.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
16 \n10 10 5 \n20 10 5 \n30 10 5 \n40 10 5 \n10 20 5 \n20 20 5 \n30 20 5 \n40 20 5 \n10 30 5 \n20 30 5 \n30 30 5 \n40 30 5 \n10 40 5 \n20 40 5 \n30 40 5 \n40 40 5
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1 1
```


