# EXAMPLE - Example

## 题目描述

As you may have probably noticed a problem statement in a programming contest consists of several sections. The most important section is, of course, the "Example" section. Some seasoned contestants even start reading the problem statement from the examples. And, unfortunately, the least read section is the problem description section. It is quite disappointing for the problem authors because they feel that their writing skills are largely wasted.

So the authors decided to describe examples in the same language, as the rest of the problem statement using the following rules.

- Natural integer numbers shall be written in plain English. The numbers shall be less than one hundred. The designator number shall be written before numbers, except when the corresponding number is used as a **repetition factor**. For example, _number zero_, _number sixteen_, or _number sixty one_.

- Sequences of characters (strings) shall be written either in quotes, or in apostrophes, for example _"John's pen"_, or _'5" tall'_. Note, that ' may be used in strings enclosed in " and vice versa. The designator string shall be written before strings, for example _string 'Hello'_.

- The designator _space_ denotes one space character.

- A number, string or space may be prefixed with a **repetition factor**. The repetition factor is a number greater than one. The designator after the repetition factor is written in plural form. For example, _four numbers five_, or _six strings 'A'_. If the repetition factor is used for numbers, the numbers are separated with one space character. So, the former example means _5 5 5 5_, but the latter example _AAAAAA_.

- Let the numbers, strings and spaces with possible repetition factors be called **fragments**. Fragments may be organized into **sequences** using the _followed by_ copulative. For example, _number five followed by number six_. One implicit space character is assumed between numbers, a number and a string, and a string and a number so the example above means _5 6_.

- An example is described line by line. The first line is always described as _The first line..._. The following lines are described either as _The next line..._ or as _The next # lines..._, where _\#_ is a number greater than one. Empty lines are described as _is empty_ or _are empty_. Other lines are described as _contains_ or _contain_ followed by sequences. The first letter of a sentence is capitalized. The sentence is terminated by a full stop (**.**). The full stop is not separated by space from the preceding word, but is separated by at least one space from the next word.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains a free-flow text describing an example. Words are separated by an arbitrary number of spaces and newlines. There are no whitespace characters after the last full stop. The total size of the input will be no greater than 1 MB.

### 输出格式

The output should contain the decoded example. The total size of the output shall be no greater than 1 MB.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
The first line contains four
numbers twenty eight. The next
line is empty. The next two
lines contain six strings &#039;-&#039;.
The next line contains number
four followed by number seventy
seven followed by string &#039;meat&#039;
followed by three strings &quot;!&quot;.
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
28 28 28 28

------
------
4 77 meat!!!
```


