# INS16F - Who is the Best?

## 题目描述

Baratheon is one of the oldest houses in the Land of Seven Kingdoms. There have been many kings and their many heirs. The hierarchy is represented as a tree where each character is a node with initial value as the **Varys\_Value** given by Lord Varys. You are the analyser appointed to the current King to give insights about a character.

There are **Q** commands given by the King which can be any of the following type:

1\. Multiply the **Varys\_Value** of all the characters in path from **u** to **v** by a given number **P.**

2\. For a given character **X**, find the number of **ordered pairs (i,j)** such that **LCM(i,j)** is equal to current value at node **X**. (Insight)

For commands of second type, print the number of such pairs (modulo **1000000007**).

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

First line contains 2 space separated integers **N** and **Q** indicating the number of total characters and number of queries you need to answer.

In the next **N-1** lines, each line contains 2 integers **u**, **v** which indicates a relationship between character **u** and character **v**.

Next line contains **N** space separated integer **V $ _{1} $ , V $ _{2} $ , V $ _{3} $ , ...... V $ _{N} $** where **V $ _{i} $** indicates the Varys\_Value of **i $ ^{th} $** character.

Following **Q** lines contains the queries to be answered.

Types of Queries:

**1 u v P** - Query of first type

**2 X** - Query of second type

### 输出格式

For each query of second type, print the answer to the query in a new line.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
6 6 
1 2
4 6
1 3
5 1
4 5
7 8 4 8 1 2
1 2 1 14
2 4
1 6 5 10
2 5
1 6 4 10
2 1
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
7
9
15
```


