# CTAIN - Containers

## 题目描述

We are given _n_ containers, where 1 <= _n_ <= 4. At the beginning all of them are full of water. The liter capacity of the _i_-th container is a natural number _o_ $ _{i} $ satisfying inequalities 1 <= _o $ _{i} $_ <= 49.

Three kinds of moves can be made:

1. Pouring the whole content of one container into another. This move can be made unless there is too little room in the second container.

2. Filling up one container with part of the water from another one.

3. Pouring away the whole content of one container into a drain.

### Task

Write a program that for each test case:

- Reads the number of containers _n_, the capacity of each container and the requested final amount of water in each container.

- Verifies, whether there exist a series of moves which leads to the requested final situation, and if there is one, the program computes the minimal number of moves leading to the requested situation,

- Writes the result. The result should be the minimal number of moves leading to the requested final situation, or one word "NO" if there is no such a sequence of moves.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

One integer in the first line, stating the number of test cases, followed by a blank line. There will be not more than 20 tests.

For each test case, at the first line, one positive integer _n_ is written, _n_ <= 4, this is the number of containers. There are _n_ positive integers written in the second line. These are the capacities of the containers (the _i_-th integer _o_ $ _{i} $ denotes the capacity if the _i_-th container,1 <= _o_ $ _{i} $ <= 49). In the third line there are written _n_ numbers. These are the requested final volumes of water in the containers (the _i_-th integer _w_ $ _{i} $ denotes the requested final volume of water in the _i_-th container, 0 <= _w_ $ _{i} $ <= _o_ $ _{i} $ ). All integers in the second and the third line are separated by single spaces.

The test cases will be separated by a single blank line.

### 输出格式

For each test case : write one integer - the minimal number of moves which lead to the requested final situation or write only one word "NO" if it is not possible to reach the requested final situation making only allowed moves.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2

3
3 5 5
0 0 4

2
20 25
10 16
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
6
NO
```


