# WMELON - Johnny and the Watermelon Plantation

## 题目描述

Shortly after his abdication from the Bytelandian throne Johnny decided to go into farming. Water melons were a natural choice as his first crop ever, since they seemed easy enough to grow and look after. So, he sold all his beer bottles and for the money he purchased a 1km x 1km square field. Here it was that he planted the water melon seeds. (The word 'planted' is really a bit of a euphemism for walking across a field gorging on a water melon and spitting out the pips but, for the sake of politeness, let us leave it this way).

To everyone's surprise a lot of the seeds sprouted stems, and soon enough many of the plants showed signs of fruit (and some had even more than one!). Then quite unexpectedly, when the water melons were still a little too unripe to eat, winter set in. Johnny knows that he has to construct a green house to protect the field but, with his rather limited budget, he cannot afford the glass to cover the whole area. He has decided that it is enough that _k_ fruit survive the ordeal under a glazed roof. For reasons of architectural planning in Byteland it is necessary that the green house be a rectangle with sides parallel to the edges of the plot.

You have been requested to help Johnny minimise investement costs. Since glass is paid for by the square meter, design a green house with the smallest possible area fulfilling the imposed conditions.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains the integer _t_<=100, the number of test cases. _t_ test cases follow.

Every test case begins with a line containing two integers _n k_, denoting the total number of plants and the number of water melon fruit to be protected, respectively (1<=_n_<=1000, 1<=_k_<=10 $ ^{6} $ , _k_ doesn't exceed the total number of fruit in the plantation). Each of the next _n_ lines describes a single plant, the _i_-th line containing three integers _x $ _{i} $ y $ _{i} $ f $ _{i} $_ - the X and Y coordinates of the plant, and the number of water melon fruit on it, respectively (1<=_x $ _{i} $ , y $ _{i} $ , f $ _{i} $_ <=1000).

### 输出格式

For each test case output a single integer, denoting the area of the smallest possible rectangular glass house with horizontal and vertical edges, sufficient to cover at least _k_ fruit of the plantation.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
6 11
1 1 2
1 2 2
3 1 2
3 2 3
4 2 5
3 3 2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2
```


