# IAPCR2F - Summer Trip

## 题目描述

In this hot summer AIUB students decided to go on a trip to Cox’s Bazaar sea beach. Every student has some amount of money to spend in this trip. Each student belongs to some group. If student A knows student B, B knows C then A, B and C belong to the same group. In order to utilize the budget properly students hired a travel agency to get an optimal travel plan. They submitted the information about all the student’s money and relations among them. Now the agency wants to figure out the number of groups and the total budget of each group. Total budget of a group is the summation of all the student’s money in that group.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains an integer T (1<=T<=50), denoting the number of test cases.

Each case starts with two integers N M. N (1<=N<=1000), denotes the number of students and M (0<=M<=(N\*(N-1)/2)), denotes the number of relationships. In the next line N integers are given. The ith (1<=i<=N) integer a $ _{i} $ (1<=a $ _{i} $ <=100) denotes the money ith student has. Next M lines each contains two integers u v, (1<=u,v<=N and u != v) denoting that u knows v and vice versa.

### 输出格式

For each test case output “Case X: K” where X is the case number starting from 1 and K is the number of groups. In the next line output K integers, the total budget of all the groups in ascending order of budget.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
5 3
5 7 4 6 8
1 2
1 3
4 5
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
Case 1: 2
14 16
```


