# UNTITLED - Untitled Problem

## 题目描述

We consider a sequence **S $ _{1} $** is **equal** to a sequence **S $ _{2} $** , if and only if they satisfy the following conditions:

- The length of them are equal.

- Let **Len** be the length of them. For each i,j(1 <= i, j <= **Len**, i != j):If **S $ _{1} $** \[i\] is smaller than **S $ _{1} $** \[j\], **S $ _{2} $** \[i\] must be smaller than **S $ _{2} $** \[j\]; If **S $ _{1} $** \[i\] is greater than **S $ _{1} $** \[j\], **S $ _{2} $** \[i\] must greater than **S $ _{2} $** \[j\].

Now you are given a sequence **S** and another **N** sequences **T $ _{1} $** , **T $ _{2} $** …. **T $ _{N} $** .

We say position **i** is **OK**, if and only if **S**\[1..**i**\] contains a suffix which is **equal** to a sequence from { **T $ _{1} $** , **T $ _{2} $** ... **T $ _{N} $** }. You need to print the positions which is **OK** in increasing order.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Multiple test cases, the number of them(no more than 3) is given in the very first line.

For each test case:

- The first line contains an integer **M** (**M** > 1) which denote the number of sequences. **i.e.** **M** = **N** + 1.

- **M** \* 2 lines follow, each two lines describe one sequence.For each two lines, the first line contains an integer **L** which denote the length of this sequence. The second line contains **L** integers(all the integers don't exceed 2 $ ^{31} $ -1) that represent this sequence. The first sequence described is **S**, the next **N** sequences represent **T $ _{1} $** ... **T $ _{N} $** .

- You can assume that there are no same integer in any one sequence.

- The length of **S** is no more than 400000, and the total length of **T** is no more than 100000.

### 输出格式

For each test case: Print the positions which is **OK** in increasing order.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2
2
1
1
1
2
3
3
3 1 2
2
4 5
2
10 1
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1
2
3
```


