# INVENT - Inventing Test Data

## 题目描述

Preparing a problem set is a very hard task. There are always issues with clarity of problem statements, bugs in our solutions, input or output data, and so on. Sometimes, despite our best efforts, these issues are only found during the contest, and this can really spoil it.

To prevent this from happening in the future, we already started to prepare data for IPSC 2009, and we decided to use your help in doing so. Currently we are working on a simple textbook problem: "Given a weighted undirected complete graph, find its minimum spanning tree." (See the Definitions below if you are not sure what a spanning tree is.)

Almost everythig is already prepared for this problem: the problem statement, our solution, and also the desired output data. The only (and quite important) thing left is the input data. But creating it is not as simple as it looks.

The bad thing that can happen is that a graph can have more than one minimum spanning tree. If we used such a graph in the input data, we would have to write a complicated checker. And we are too lazy to do this. Therefore we want to find an input data that avoids such cases.

Moreover, we want the test data to be good. If all the other edges were much more expensive, the minimum spanning tree would be obvious, and many incorrect algorithms would be able to find it. Therefore we want all the edge weights to be as small as possible.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2

3
1 2 4
2 3 7

4
1 2 1
1 3 1
1 4 2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
19
12
```


