# AR2015PF - Jumping Joey

## 题目描述

_Please read the problem statement carefully. Mathematical notations and bunch of examples are provided to_

_make the statement friendly._

Once upon a time, there lived a frog named Joey. He has a long pond beside his house. There are

lots of lily pads there, and he likes to jump from one pad to another. He hates to wet himself. Let’s

help Joey to cross the pond.

For the sake of simplicity, let’s assume the pond to be a line segment of length **L**. On this line

segment there are **n** lily pads. Let’s enumerate the lily pads from left to right, that is the leftmost pad

is number **1**, second one from the left is number **2** and so on. At the beginning Joey is at the left

end of the pond. Then he moves to the first pad, then to the second pad and so on. At the end he

moves from the nth pad to the right end of the pond. There are two ways he can move, jump and

swim. He can jump from one place to another if the distance between these two places is no more

than **D** unit. He can swim any times he wants. But as we already said he does not like to wet

himself, so we need to minimize the number of times he swims for going from the left end to the

right end.

However, the situation is not that simple. There are ropes between every two adjacent places. That

is, there is rope between:

a. Left end and first pad

b. Last pad and right end

c. Between every two adjacent pads

Let,

a. **P****i** be the **i**’th pad (**1 <= i <= n**), **P**0 be the left end and **P****n+1** be the right end.

b. **r****i** be the length of the rope **R****i** between **P****i** and **P****i+1** (for **0 <= i <= n**).

c. **p****i** be the position of **P****i** (**0 <= i <= n + 1**). Obviously **p**0 **= 0**, **p****n+1** **= L** and **p****i** **= p****i+1** **-**

**p****i** (for **0 <= i <= n**).

When Joey is on **P****i** he can pull **R****i** and then **P****i+1** moves towards Joey. If the rope **R****i+1** is taut (the

length of the rope is equal to the distance between the two pads that the rope is tied with) then this

also affects **P****i+2** and **P****i+2** moves toward him as well (and so on). However, if a rope is not taut then it

does not affect later pads. Also if the ropes are taut till **P****n+1** then there is no movements of the pads

at all (since the right end is fixed, that is **P****n+1** is not movable). Let’s try to clarify these statements by

some examples.

_Example 1:_ Let Joey is on **P****2**, **p****2** **= 10**, **p****3** **= 20**, **p****4** **= 30**, **p****5** **= 40**. Also **r****2** **= r****3** **= r****4** **= 15**. Distance

between **P****2**-**P****3**, **P****3**-**P****4** and **P****4**-**P****5** are **10**, but the rope lengths are **15**. So none of the ropes are taut.

Now if Joey pulls **R****2** say by **1** unit, **P****3** will shift one unit towards **P****2** (new **p****3** **= 19**). But this does not

affect **p****4**, because **R****3** was not taut. Let Joey pulls rope **R****2** **4** more units (**5** units in total). Then **p****3** **=**

**15**, **p****4** **= 30**, **p****5** **= 40**. Now **R****3** becomes taut since **P****3**-**P****4** distance is now: **p****4** **- p****3** **= 30 - 15 = 15** which

is same as **r****3**. So now, if Joey pulls one more unit, **P****3** and **P****4** moves together (**P****5** does not, since **R****4**

is not taut). So the new positions would be: **p****3** **= 14**, **p****4** **= 29**,

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
1 10
0 10 20
10 10
1 10
0 11 20
11 10
1 10
0 11 20
11 9
1 5
0 10 20
20 20
1 5
0 10 20
20 12
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
Case 1: 0
```


