# AR2015PE - Queue of Soldiers

## 题意翻译

```

在一个距地球很遥远的星球上，有两个叫做Bitland和Byteland的国家，它们之间进行着至死方休的战争。 Bitland的女王有一支拥有N个士兵的军队。她已经找到攻击Bitland最薄弱边界的策略。但是为了到达那里，Bitland的士兵需要排成队来通过一个极其狭窄的峡谷。 此外，Byteland在峡谷设置了一些防御机关：如果某个体重为V的士兵P通过这个峡谷，那么P以后任何体重（严格地）大于V的士兵将被自动机器射死。 Bitland的女王王也明白这一点，但并不总能使士兵按体重降序排列地通过峡谷（这样就没有士兵死亡）。她知道有些士兵不得不牺牲。 为了找到尽可能好的排列，她希望你帮她计算出不同体重排列方式中死于峡谷中的士兵的确切数量K。 如果X排列和Y排列中生存的i个（1<=i<=N）士兵中第i个士兵的体重不一样，X排列就与Y排列不同。

```

## 题目描述

In a planet far away from Earth, there is a deadly war going on between two countries: Bitland and

Byteland. The queen of Bitland has an army of **N** soldiers. She has found a strategy to attack the

weakest part of the border of Byteland, but to reach there, the soldiers of Bitland has to form a queue

and pass through a very narrow valley. Moreover, there is some defense mechanism set in the valley

by Byteland: If any soldier **P** with height **v** passes through the valley, then anybody following **P** with

height (strictly) greater than **v** will be killed by automatic firing.

The queen of Bitland is also aware of this scenario, but it is not always possible to send her soldiers

according to the non-increasing order of heights (so that no soldier dies).She understands that some

soldiers have to sacrifice their lives. To find the best possible permutation, she wants your help to

calculate the number of different permutations of the heights of her soldiers so that exactly K

soldiers die in that valley.

A permutation is **X** different from another permutation **Y** if there exists some **i (1** ****i** ****N)** for which

the height of **i-th** soldier is different in these two permutations.

**Input**

The first line of input file contains the number of test cases, **T (1** ****T** ****20)**. Then **T** cases follow:

Each case consists of two lines. The first line contains two integers: **N (1** ****N** ****50000)** and **K** **(0** ****K** ****1000)**. Then the second line contains N integers denoting the heights of the soldiers. There

will be at most **100** different values of their heights. There will be at most **1000** soldiers with same

height.

For **80%** of the cases, **N** will be less than **10000**.

**Output**

For each case, print **“****Case : ****”** in a separate line, where **x** is the case number and **y** is the

number of permutations such that exactly **K** soldiers die. As the number can be very large,

print **y modulo 1000000007******************

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3\n3 1\n1 2 3\n3 1\n1 2 2\n3 2\n1 2 3
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
Case 1: 3\nCase 2: 1\nCase 3: 2
```


