# SHOOTING - Emmons

## 题目描述

After the end of all the shooting competitions in XXIX Olympic Games in Beijing, Matthew Emmons will be known to more and more people because of his last - which is also his worst - shooting in the 50m Rifle 3\*40 Men competitions. Four years before in Athens, he shot a wrong target and lost the gold metal which is almost at hands in the 50m Rifle 3\*40 Men competition.

**The following is Blue Mary's imagination :P**

Emmons decides to practise shooting more assiduously. Because he is an excellent shooter, only 1 year later, he can even shoot precisely without collimation! To him, getting the gold metal of 50m Rifle 3\*40 Men in XXX Olympic Games doesn't have any difficulty now.

His wife - Katerina Emmons, also a well-known excellent shooter - make a game to keep his interests with shot. The player has _n_ (1<= _n_ <=2000) bullets, each one has a value (a integer whose absolute value is less than 10000). There are _m_ (1<= _m_ <= _n_) targets, each with a point counter next to it. In the beginning of the game, all the counter are set to integer 1.

During the game, the player must choose a bullet and shoot any target. He must use all the bullet, each with at least(of course, at most) 1 time. And each target must be shot at least one time.

If the player shoot a target with a bullet valued **X**, the counter of the target will multiplied by **X**.

The final score of the game is sum of all the _m_ counters.

Now Matthew needs your help to make his final score as high as possible. After that, he will show you his excellent shooting skills to get this score.

**P.S.** Even the things above is my imagination, I hope Matthew Emmons has good luck and wins the gold metal of 50m Rifle 3\*40 Men in XXX Olympics in London.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Multiple test cases, the number of them (<=50) is given in the very first line.

For each test case:

The first line contains two integers _n_ and _m_. The second line contains _n_ integers, the value for each bullet.

### 输出格式

For each test case:

The first and the only line contains a single integer - the highest possible final score.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
10 2
0 -1 -2 0 1 2 3 2 10 1
10 3
0 -1 -2 0 1 2 3 2 10 1
5 3
10 0 0 -1 -1
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
240
241
11

Hint:
For the first example, a possible solution is (0,0)(-1,-2,1,2,3,2,10,1).
For the second example, a possible solution is (0,0)(1,1)(-1,-2,2,3,2,10).
```


