# DICTSUB - Dictionary Subsequences

## 题目描述

You have a dictionary of strings, and you want to perform some queries on the strings. In particular, you're given a single string T, and for each word W in the dictionary, you want to determine if W is a subsequence of T. A string B is a subsequence of a string C if you can remove zero or more of C's letters to form a string equal to B (but the order of remaining letters may not be rearranged).

Each word W in the dictionary will be described in the input as a run length encoded (RLE) string. That is, W will be described by several pairs of data values, where each pair of data values consists of a positive integer K with no leading zeros and a letter L. A data pair with values K and L represents a string with K occurrences of the character L. To get the uncompressed string, we concatenate all strings represented by the data pairs. For example, the RLE string 2A1B5C12A represents the string AABCCCCCAAAAAAAAAAAA.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains a positive integer C (0<C<10), the number of test cases to follow. Each case begins with a line containing a positive integer D (0<D<10000) representing the number of dictionary words and a string T with length between 1 and 10000. D lines follow, with each line containing a string with length between 1 and 200 in RLE format, which represents a dictionary word with uncompressed length between 1 and 10000. All uncompressed strings (T and dictionary words) will consist only of uppercase letters ('A'-'Z').

### 输出格式

Output for each case consists of several lines. There should be one line per dictionary word W (in the order of appearance in input) that will say either "YES" if W is a subsequence of T, or "NO" otherwise. Print a blank line after each test case.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
5 EFFERVESCENCE
2E
1E1F1V1C1E
1E2F1C1R
1S2E
1P1E2F
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES
YES
NO
YES
NO
```


