# HSHW - Highschool Homework

## 题目描述

Hugo had quite a bad day today. His favourite highschool subject, mathematics, was taught by his least liked substitute teacher - he always gave out an abnormally large amount of homework. Today was no different.

The teacher wrote **N** numbers on the board, and after a long thoughtful pause he told the class with a grin: "Well then, kids. For today's homework you will do this harmless exercise. As you can see, I've written quite a few numbers on the board, and your task is to find which two of them have the greatest product. Hm, now that I think about it, that would be too trivial. So you will also have to find which pair of numbers has the greatest quotient. Well, and now that we're at it, why don't you find the pair with the smallest quotient, too. And at that point you might as well find the pair with the smallest product. That should keep you busy for today's evening!".

Sigh.

How could someone even come up with such a boring, time-consuming and impractical task. If only there was someone who would help Hugo and do it for him.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains the number **1 : the number of test cases. **T** cases follow.

The first line of each case contains the number **2 : how many numbers the teacher wrote on the board. The second line contains **N** integers; their absolute value will be in the range **\[1,10 $ ^{6} $ \]** (inclusive). In particular, notice that none of them are equal to zero.

You may assume that in any input file, the sum of **N** across all test cases does not exceed **3\*10 $ ^{5} $** .****

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

