# CSTATE1 - Chessboard State 1: National Chess Tournament

## 题目描述

**Note: This is an easier version of the problems CSTATE2 and CSTATE3. A solution to those problems (except the I/O format) will pass here.**

V Slovakistane sa rozhodli osadníci usporiadať národný šachový turnaj.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input contains the integer **1 - the number of chessboards. **t** descriptions of a chessboard follow.**

Each description of a chessboard consists of **8** rows, each consisting of **8** characters (the chessboard is of the traditional dimensions **8x8**).

These characters are from the set **{.KQRBHPkqrbhp}**, representing in this order an empty square, king, queen, rook, bishop, knight (horse), and pawn.

The pieces belonging to the White player are marked by lowercase characters; the upper side of the chessboard (first in the input) belongs to him, hence white pawns move downwards.

The pieces belonging to the Black player are marked by uppercase characters; the lower side of the chessboard belongs to him, hence black pawns move upwards.

A blank line follows after every chessboard.

The number or placement of the pieces may by all means be impossible to reach in a standard game of chess, however you may assume that on every chessboard there is exactly one white king ('**k**') and one black king ('**K**').

### 输出格式

For each chessboard output one line with one of the following messages:

- "**Safe**", if neither players' kings are being threatened

- "**Impossible**", if both players' kings are being threatened

- "**{colour}** **Check**", where **{colour}** is either "**Black**" or "**White**", if the respective player's king is being threatened, and there exists at least one valid move by any of his pieces after which his king is no longer threatened

- "**{colour} Checkmate**", where {colour} is either "**Black**" or "**White**", if the respective player's king is being threatened, and there exists no valid move by any of his pieces after which his king is no longer threatened

#### Additional note

There are 13 input files "0" through "12".

In order to make finding mistakes easier and/or let you implement various chesspieces one by one, with the exception of the example (file #0), the following holds:

Chesspiece Appears first in file # King 1 Knight 1 Rook 3 Bishop 5 Queen 5 Pawn 8

Additionally, after submission you can view extra information about the result of each file by clicking the result text ("accepted","wrong answer",...).

As an example, if you have received WA, the extra information looks like so:

File #5: Result is WA, message is 'Test Case 47: Your answer: Black Checkmate; Correct answer: Black Check', time = 0.100000, mem = 123456

Note that the message can go haywire if your program does something unexpected, such as end before reading all input.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
7
....k...
........
...H....
........
...h....
........
....K...
........

........
....h...
..k.....
.....H..
...K....
........
........
........

k..H....
...H....
.HH.....
........
........
......K.
........
........

k..H....
...H....
.HH.....
........
........
......K.
.r......
........

K.....Rr
R.h....r
........
........
rr......
.....k..
........
........

k.......
.......R
........
...B....
.R......
......K.
..q.....
........

........
..PPP...
..PkP...
...Pp...
...K....
........
........
........
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
Impossible
Safe
White Checkmate
White Check
Black Checkmate
White Check
Black Check
```


