# LAGRANGE - Lagrange&amp;#8217;s Four-Square Theorem

## 题意翻译

有这样一个理论：任何一个正数都只能表示为至

多四个完全平方数之各。现希望你能写出对于任

一个正数，它有多少种这样的表示方式。例如

25=1++4+4+16

=9+16

=25

注意表示式中的数不考虑顺序关系。

## 题目描述

The fact that any positive integer has a representation as the sum of at most four positive squares (i.e. squares of positive integers) is known as Lagrange's Four-Square Theorem. The first published proof of the theorem was given by Joseph-Louis Lagrange in 1770. Your mission however is not to explain the original proof nor to discover a new proof but to show that the theorem holds for some specific numbers by counting how many such possible representations there are. For a given positive integer n, you should report the number of all representations of n as the sum of at most four positive squares. The order of addition does not matter, e.g. you should consider 4^2 + 3^2 and 3^2 + 4^2 are the same representation.

For example, let's check the case of 25. This integer has just three representations 1^2+2^2+2^2+4^2, 3^2 + 4^2, and 5^2. Thus you should report 3 in this case. Be careful not to count 4^2 + 3^2 and 3^2 + 4^2 separately.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input is composed of at most 255 lines, each containing a single positive integer less than 2^15 , followed by a line containing a single zero. The last line is not a part of the input data.

### 输出格式

The output should be composed of lines, each containing a single integer. No other characters should appear in the output. The output integer corresponding to the input integer n is the number of all representations of n as the sum of at most four positive squares.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
25
2003
211
20007
0
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1
3
48
7
738
```


