# DNPALIN - Double Near Palindromes

## 题目描述

C-3PO is an expert in pretty much every language. His conversation with R2-D2 are always fun to observe un that R2-D2 speaks in Droid, C-3PO speak in English, and they understand each other perfectly! Anyway, humans and droids both enjoy playing word games. A palindrome is a word or sequence of one or more letters that reads the same forwards and backwards. A near palindrome is a word or sequence that can be changed to or kept a palindrome by changing exactly one letter to a different letter. For example. BAT is a near palindrome, since changing the T to a B woluld make the word a palindrome: BAB. PEEP is not a near palindrome: although PEEP is palindrome, changing any letter would remove its palindrome status. A double near palindrome is a word or sequence that consist of two near palindromes concatenated together. For example, BATMAN is a double near palindrome, since BAT and MAN are both near palindromes. Given a list of words, you are to determine wich words are double near palindromes and wich are not.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input consists of one or more words. All words (except the last) will be inclusively between 1 and 25 letters long and will consist of entirely of capital letters. The last word will be \*END\* and is not be processed; it simply indicates the end of the input. There may be any number of spaces and characters before, after, and between words.

### 输出格式

The output cases are to appear in the same order in wich they appear in the input. For each input case, you are to print either w is a double near palindrome. or w is not a double near palindrome. wichever is appropriate, where w is the input word. Exactly one should follow each output case (meaning there should be no blank lines in the output).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
BATMAN
CONSTANTINOPLE
*END*
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
BATMAN is a double near palindrome.
CONSTANTINOPLE is not a double near palindrome.
```


