# PARITY - Parity

## 题目描述

You are given n binary strings s $ _{1} $ ,...,s $ _{n} $ , each of the same length m. Along with each s $ _{i} $ you are given a bit b $ _{i} $ . You are also given some nonnegative integer k and want to know whether there exists a subset S of {0,1,...,m-1} of size at most k such that for each i=1,2,...,n, the bit b $ _{i} $ is the XOR of the bits of s $ _{i} $ at the indices in S. The s $ _{i} $ are 0-indexed strings. Recall that the XOR of a set of bits is 1 if the number of bits equal to 1 is odd, else the XOR is 0 (in particular, the XOR of an empty set of bits is 0). For example, if s $ _{1} $ = 1010 and S = {0,3}, then b $ _{1} $ would be 1 (the first bit of s $ _{1} $ ) XOR'd with 0 (the last bit of s $ _{1} $ ), which is 1. Given n, k, and the strings s $ _{1} $ ,...,s $ _{n} $ and their corresponding b $ _{i} $ , find a set S of size at most k which produces the given b $ _{i} $ . You should also detect when no such S exists.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains n and k, space-separated (1 ≤ n ≤ 64, 0 ≤ k ≤ 10). n lines then follow, where the ith line contains s $ _{i} $ , followed by a space, then b $ _{i} $ . In a given test case all strings s $ _{i} $ are of the same length m (1 ≤ m ≤ 50). k will not be bigger than m.

### 输出格式

If no set S of size at most k exists producing the given b $ _{i} $ , output -1 followed by a newline. Otherwise, on the first line output the size of a possible S. If the size of that S is not 0, on the second line, output a space-separated list of the indices in S, followed by a newline. If there exist multiple valid S to be output, you can output any one of your choosing.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3 1
111 1
001 0
011 1
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1
1
```


