# HAN01 - Ha-noi!

## 题意翻译

```

题目描述

小莎宾娜喜欢解谜游戏。上周她得到了一个新的难题:“河内塔”。这个谜题是基于一个古老的传说:“河内寺庙的祭司们必须将一个由64块金盘组成的塔从寺庙的一处转移到另一处，只能够一个一个的移动。圆盘大小各不相同，只有一个中间位置可以临时放置金盘。由于其十分容易变形，大金盘不会放在小金盘上。据说，在祭司完成他们的任务之后，圣殿将化为尘土，世界将在一声雷鸣中消失。

莎宾娜用不同大小的硬币重现了这个问题。她用7步就能解出3个硬币，用15步就能解出4个硬币……她又解决了七枚硬币的问题，掌握了一个窍门。昨天她开始用她的最佳策略来解决31个硬币的难题。她花了几个小时把硬币从一堆移到另一堆之后，累极了，就上床睡觉了。这是个坏主意!她的小弟弟罗宾发现了那堆硬币。把它们推倒在地板上。然后他注意到一张纸:“不要碰这些塔!步骤:16543”。“哦,不!”罗宾必须重新建造这座塔，因为他的姐姐可能会非常非常生气……你的任务是帮助罗宾重建塔。莎宾娜在游戏开始时把所有“金盘”都放在了第一个存放地上，她的目标是将所有“金盘”移动到第三个存放地(还有可以作为中转的第二个存放地)。记得使用她的最佳策略，并告诉罗宾他把硬币恢复原样之后它们的样子。

输入格式：

多组数据,第一行输入一个t为数据组数

之后的t行,每行分别有两个整数n,k.

n表示盘子的总数,k表示移动的次数。

P.S. :k可能非常大。

```

## 题目描述

Little Sabrina loves solving puzzles. Last week she got a new puzzle: The "Tower of Hanoi" puzzle. This puzzle is based on an old legend: "The temple priests of hanoi have to transfer a tower consisting of 64 fragile disks of gold from one part of the temple to another, one disk at a time. The disks are arranged in order, no two of them the same size, with the largest on the bottom and the smallest on top. Because of their fragility, a larger disk may never be placed on a smaller one, and there is only one intermediate location where disks can be temporarily placed. It is said that before the priests complete their task the temple will crumble into dust and the world will vanish in a clap of thunder." Sabrina reconstructed the problem with some coins of different size. She solved the puzzle for three coins in 7 steps, for four coins in 15 steps,... after solving the problem with 7 coins she had the hang of it. Yesterday she started to solve the puzzle with 31 coins and her optimal strategy. After hours of moving coins from one pile to the other she was very tired and went to bed. This was a bad idea! Her little brother Robin discovered the towers of coins and - whoops! - threw it on the floor. Then he noticed a sheet of paper: "Don't touch this towers! Steps: 16543". "Oh no!" Robin has to reconstuct the tower because his sister can get very, very angry... Your task is to help Robin to reconstruct the towers. Sabrina started the game with all disks on peg number one and her goal was to move the disks to peg number two. She used her optimal strategy and noted the number of steps she had done.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains one integer t: The number of testcases. t lines follow. Each line contains two integers n (2< n< 61) and k (0< k< 2 $ ^{n} $ ). n is the number of disks of the hanoi puzzle and k the number of steps Sabrina had done. **Please be careful, the number k can be very large, it may not fit in a 32 bit integer.**

### 输出格式

Output the reconstructed configuration of the towers after k steps. For each testcase output three lines. One for each tower. Each line consists of the tower identifier (1,2,3) a colon, one space and the disk numbers (n,n-1,...,2,1) which are seperated by a '|'-character.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
3 6
32 889397450
31 16543
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1: 1
2: 3|2
3:
1: 32|31|28|25|18|17|14|3
2: 30|29|26|13|12|11|10|9|6|5|2
3: 27|24|23|22|21|20|19|16|15|8|7|4|1
1: 31|30|29|28|27|26|25|24|23|22|21|20|19|18|17|16|7|6
2: 15|8|5|4|3|2|1
3: 14|13|12|11|10|9
```


