# TRAFFICN - Traffic Network

## 题目描述

[English](/problems/TRAFFICN/en/) [Vietnamese](/problems/TRAFFICN/vn/) The city traffic network consists of n nodes numbered from 1 to n and m one-way roads connecting pairs of nodes. In order to reduce the length of the shortest path between two different critical nodes s and t, a list of k two-way roads are proposed as candidates to be constructed. Your task is to write a program to choose one two-way road from the proposed list in order to minimize the resulting shortest path between s and t.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

 The input file consists of several data sets. The first line of the input file contains the number of data sets which is a positive integer and is not bigger than 20. The following lines describe the data sets.

For each data set, the first line contains five positive integers n (n ≤ 10 000), m (m ≤ 100 000), k (k < 300), s (1 ≤ s ≤ n), t (1 ≤ t ≤ n) separated by space. The ith line of the following m lines contains three integers di, ci, li separated by space, representing the length li ( 0< li ≤ 1000) of the ith one-way road connecting node di to ci. The jth line of the next k lines contains three positive integers uj, vj and qj (qj ≤ 1000) separated by space, representing the jth proposed two-way road of length qj connecting node uj to vj.

### 输出格式

For each data set, write on one line the smallest possible length of the shortest path after building the chosen one two-way road from the proposed list. In case, there does not exist a path from s to t, write -1.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
4 5 3 1 4
1 2 13
2 3 19
3 1 25
3 4 17
4 1 18
1 3 23
2 3 5
2 4 25
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
35
```


