# MAXISET - Maximal Independent Set

## 题目描述

[English](/problems/MAXISET/en/) [Vietnamese](/problems/MAXISET/vn/)You are given an unweighted undirected graph G. Each vertex has a positive weighted associated with it. Weight of a set of vertices is defined as the sum of weights of all vertices in the set.

A set of vertices is called independent if there is no edge in the graph with both endpoints on vertices of this set.

A subgraph induced by a set of vertices is a graph with vertex set as the given set of vertices and edges in the original graph with both endpoints in the given set.

If s denotes a set of vertices, then Query(s, G) = Maximal weighted independent set in the subgraph induced by s.

Given q queries and the description of the graph, you are to output the weight of the Maximal weighted independent set corresponding to each of the queries.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

First line contains T, the number of test cases.

Each test case description starts with one line containing 2 integers n and m, denoting the number of vertices and number of edges.

Next line contains n space separated integers denoting the weight of vertices from 0 to n - 1 ( inclusive ).

Next m lines contains two integers u and v ( u != v, 0 ≤ u,v < n ), denoting an undirected edge from u to v.

Next line contains q, the number of querries.

Next q lines contain description of a query. Description of a query starts with an integer denoting the size of set s, followed by the vertices which are members of vertex set s.

### 输出格式

For each test case, output q lines containing the answer to each query. Print a blank line BETWEEN the output of multiple test cases.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2
5 1
1 2 3 4 5
0 1
3
3 0 1 2
3 1 2 3
2 0 1
3 3
1 2 3
0 1
0 2
1 2
1
3 0 1 2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
5
9
2

3
```


