# POLQUERY - Police Query

## 题目描述

To help capture criminals on the run, the police are introducing a new computer system. The area covered by the police contains **N** cities and **E** bidirectional roads connecting them. The cities are labelled 1 to **N**. The police often want to catch criminals trying to get from one city to another. Inspectors, looking at a map, try to determine where to set up barricades and roadblocks.

The new computer system should answer the following two types of queries:

1\. Consider two cities **A** and **B**, and a road connecting cities **G $ _{1} $** and **G $ _{2} $** . Can the criminals get from city **A** to city **B** if that one road is blocked and the criminals can't use it?

2\. Consider three cities **A**, **B** and **C**. Can the criminals get from city **A** to city **B** if the entire city **C** is cut off and the criminals can't enter that city?

Write a program that implements the described system.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers **N** and **E** (2 E lines contains two distinct integers between 1 and **N** – the labels of two cities connected by a road. There will be at most one road between any pair of cities.

The following line contains the integer **Q** (1 Q lines contains either four or five integers. The first of these integers is the type of the query – **1** or **2**.

If the query is of **type 1**, then the same line contains four more integers **A**, **B**, **G $ _{1} $** and **G $ _{2} $** as described earlier. **A** and **B** will be different. **G $ _{1} $** and **G $ _{2} $** will represent an existing road.

If the query is of **type 2**, then the same line contains three more integers **A**, **B** and **C**. **A**, **B** and **C** will be distinct integers.

The test data will be such that it is initially possible to get from each city to every other city.

### 输出格式

Output the answers to all **Q** queries, one per line. The answer to a query can be _da_ (yes) or _ne_ (no).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n13 15\n1 2\n2 3\n3 5\n2 4\n4 6\n2 6\n1 4\n1 7\n7 8\n7 9\n7 10\n8 11\n8 12\n9 12\n12 13\n5\n1 5 13 1 2\n1 6 2 1 4\n1 13 6 7 8\n2 13 6 7\n2 13 6 8\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\nda\nda\nne\nda
```


