# PIGBANK - Piggy-Bank

## 题意翻译

现在有 n 种硬币, 每种硬币有特定的重量 cost[i] 和它对应的价值 val[i]. 每种硬币可以无限使用。已知现在一个储蓄罐中所有硬币的 总重量正好为 m 克, 问你这个储蓄罐中最少有多少价值的硬币? 如果不可能存在 m 克的情况, 那么就输出“This is impossible.”

## 题目描述

 Before ACM can do anything, a budget must be prepared and the necessary financial support obtained. The main income for this action comes from Irreversibly Bound Money (IBM). The idea behind is simple. Whenever some ACM member has any small money, he takes all the coins and throws them into a piggy-bank. You know that this process is irreversible, the coins cannot be removed without breaking the pig. After a sufficiently long time, there should be enough cash in the piggy-bank to pay everything that needs to be paid.

But there is a big problem with piggy-banks. It is not possible to determine how much money is inside. So we might break the pig into pieces only to find out that there is not enough money. Clearly, we want to avoid this unpleasant situation. The only possibility is to weigh the piggy-bank and try to guess how many coins are inside. Assume that we are able to determine the weight of the pig exactly and that we know the weights of all coins of a given currency. Then there is some minimum amount of money in the piggy-bank that we can guarantee. Your task is to find out this worst case and determine the minimum amount of cash inside the piggy-bank. We need your help. No more prematurely broken pigs!

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input consists of T test cases. The number of them (T) is given on the first line of the input file. Each test case begins with a line containing two integers E and F. They indicate the weight of an empty pig and of the pig filled with coins. Both weights are given in grams. No pig will weigh more than 10 kg, that means 1 <= E <= F <= 10000. On the second line of each test case, there is an integer number N (1 <= N <= 500) that gives the number of various coins used in the given currency. Following this are exactly N lines, each specifying one coin type. These lines contain two integers each, Pand W (1 <= P <= 50000, 1 <= W <=10000). P is the value of the coin in monetary units, W is it's weight in grams.

### 输出格式

Print exactly one line of output for each test case. The line must contain the sentence "`The minimum amount of money in the piggy-bank is X.`" where X is the minimum amount of money that can be achieved using coins with the given total weight. If the weight cannot be reached exactly, print a line "`This is impossible.`".

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
10 110
2
1 1
30 50
10 110
2
1 1
50 30
1 6
2
10 3
20 4
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
The minimum amount of money in the piggy-bank is 60.
The minimum amount of money in the piggy-bank is 100.
This is impossible.
```


