# DOMINOES - Dominoes

## 题目描述

Johnny is playing with some dominoes one afternoon. His dominoes come in a variety of heights and colors.

Just like any other child, he likes to put them in a row and knock them over.

He wants to know something: how many pushes does it take to knock down all the dominoes?

Johnny is lazy, so he wants to minimize the number of pushes he takes.

A domino, once knocked over, will knock over any domino that it touches on the way down.

For the sake of simplicity, imagine the floor as a one-dimensional line, where 1 is the leftmost point. Dominoes will not slip along the floor once toppled. Also, dominoes do have some width: a domino of length 1 at position 1 can knock over a domino at position 2.

For the mathematically minded:

A domino at position _x_ with height _h_, once knocked over to the right, will knock all dominoes at positions _x_+1, _x_+2, ..., _x_+_h_ rightward as well.

Similarly, the same domino knocked over to the left will knock all dominoes at positions _x_-1, _x_-2, ..., _x_-_h_ leftward.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input starts with a single integer _N_ (_N_ N pairs of integers.

Each pair of integers represents the location and height of a domino, in that order (0 No two dominoes will have the same location.

### 输出格式

A single integer on a single line: the minimum number of pushes Johnny must make in order to ensure that all dominoes are knocked over.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
6
1 1
2 2
3 1
5 1
6 1
8 3
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
2
Explanation
              |
  |           |
| | |   | |   |
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8
```


