# BANDMATR - Determinant of Banded Matrices

## 题目描述

Computing the determinant of a matrix using Gaussian elimination takes O(n^3). On the other hand, computing the determinant of tridiagonal matrix is O(n) using a recurrence. In this problem you will compute the determinant of banded matrices. A band matrix is a sparse matrix, whose non-zero entries are confined to a diagonal band, comprising the main diagonal and zero or more diagonals on either side. In this problem, given a banded **NxN** square integer matrix with **M** bands on each side of the diagonal, we ask you to compute the determinant of this matrix. For example a tridiagonal matrix has exactly 1 band on each side, and the 8x8 Matrix in the sample input has 2 bands on each side. For a good discussion of banded matrices, see Thorson's paper at:

http://sepwww.stanford.edu/oldreports/sep20/20\_11\_abs.html

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

A total of <10 inputs. For each input,

First line has dimension, **N (1<N<501)**, of the matrix, followed by **N** lines with **N** integers, each less than **10001**, and greater than **-10001**. It is guarantteed that the number of bands on each side of the diagonal, **M < 51.** That is there are at most **101** bands in total including the diagonal. Use scanf IO, and avoid stl IO.

### 输出格式

For each input matrix, output its determinant **modulo 10^9+7.**

_Hint:_ Use Montgomery multiplication for fast computation, i.e., see:

http://everything2.com/title/Montgomery%2520multiplication

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n\n2\n2 0\n0 2\n2\n1 0\n0 1\n8\n1 0 -1 0 0 0 0 0\n-1 1 0 -1 0 0 0 0\n-1 0 -1 1 -1 0 0 0\n0 -1 0 -1 0 -1 0 0\n0 0 -1 0 1 0 -1 0\n0 0 0 -1 -1 1 0 -1\n0 0 0 0 -1 0 -1 1\n0 0 0 0 0 -1 0 -1\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\n4\n1\n36\n\n
```


