# ANARC05H - Chop Ahoy! Revisited!

## 题目描述

 Given a non-empty string composed of digits only, we may group these digits into sub-groups (but maintaining their original order) if, for every sub-group but the last one, the sum of the digits in a sub-group is less than or equal to the sum of the digits in the sub-group immediately on its right. Needless to say, each digit will be in exactly one sub-group.

For example, the string 635 can only be grouped in one sub-group \[635\] or in two sub-groups as follows: \[6-35\] (since 6 < 8.) Another example is the string 1117 which can be grouped in one sub-group \[1117\] or as in the following: \[1-117\], \[1-1-17\], \[1-11-7\], \[1-1-1-7\], \[11-17\] and \[111-7\] but not any more, hence the total number of possibilities is 7.

Write a program that computes the total number of possibilities of such groupings for a given string of digits.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Your program will be tested on a number of test cases. Each test case is speciﬁed on a separate line. Each line contains a single string no longer than 25, and is made of decimal digits only.

The end of the test cases is identiﬁed by a line made of the word "bye" (without the quotes.) Such line is not part of the test cases.

### 输出格式

For each test case, write the result using the following format:

`k. n`where k is the test case number (starting at 1,) and n is the result of this test case.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
635
1117
9876
bye
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1. 2
2. 7
3. 2
```


