# FROGS - Frog Wrestling

## 题目描述

Billy Jean loves collecting frogs. Recently, she developed the sport of frog wrestling. Now she wants to rank her frogs by their wrestling prowess.

Billy Jean has made a algorithm for sorting her frogs.

1. She arranges N cages, numbered 1,2,...N, each with one frog.

2. For each pair of cages in a specified, pre-determined list of K pairs of cages,

1. she removes the frogs from the two cages,

2. has the frogs wrestle,

3. puts the winner in the higher-numbered cage, and

4. puts the loser in the lower-numbered cage.

When she is finished, she hopes to have all her frogs sorted from worst to best in the cages 1 to N. Will her algorithm work regardless of the initial order of the frogs?

Note:

- Assume that a strict ordering by wrestling ability is possible.

- Billy Jean isn't the sharpest tool in the shed. Sometimes she has written the same two numbers for a pair. In this case, that frog is simply taken out and then put back.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line is the number of test cases. Each test cases is preceded by a blank line.

The first line of each test case is N. The next line is K. The next K lines are the pairs, separated by a single space.

### 输出格式

On separate lines, output whether Billy Jean's algorithm is correct. Output "YES" (without quotes) if it is or "NO" (without quotes) if it is not.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n4\n\n2\n1\n2 1\n\n2\n1\n1 1\n\n1\n1\n1 1\n\n4\n5\n1 2\n3 4\n1 3\n2 4\n2 3\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
YES\nNO\nYES\nYES
```


