# MINES4 - Four Mines

## 题目描述

A Company that Makes Everything (ACME) has entered the surface mining business. They bought a rectangular field which is split into cells, with each cell having a profit value. A mine is a non-empty rectangular region, and the profit of a mine is equal to the sum of the values of all its cells. ACME wants to extract ore from four different non-overlapping mines. You are to choose these mines to maximize the total profit.

A Company that Makes Everything (ACME) has entered the surface mining business. They bought a rectangular field which is split into cells, with each cell having a profit value. A mine is a non-empty rectangular region, and the profit of a mine is equal to the sum of the values of all its cells. ACME wants to extract ore from four different non-overlapping mines. You are to choose these mines to maximize theA Company that Makes Everything (ACME) has entered the surface mining business. They bought a rectangular field which is split into cells, with each cell having a profit value. A mine is a non-empty rectangular region, and the profit of a mine is equal to the sum of the values of all its cells. ACME wants to extract ore from four different non-overlapping mines. You are to choose these mines to maximize the total profit.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains an integer T (1

For each test case, the first line contains two positive integers R and C (2

Each of next R lines contain C integers between -10000 and 10000, denoting a profit value for each cell in that row.

### 输出格式

For each test case, print a number on its own line, denoting the maximum total profit that can be extracted from four mines.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2
5 5
10 10 -1 -1 10
10 -1 -1 -1 10
-1 -1 -1 -1 -1
-1 -1 -1 10 10
10 -1 -1 10 10
2 3
-1 -2 -3
-4 -5 66
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
99
60
```


