# JULKA - Julka

## 题意翻译

大意：两个人的苹果个数的和与差，确定他们的苹果个数。

输入：

十组数据，每组2行，第一行表示苹果的数量和，第二行表示苹果的数量差，（两数均为小于10^100的整数，可见苹果可以非常小QWQ）

输出：

两人各自苹果的个数（每个数一行）

贡献者：____233____

## 题目描述

 Julka surprised her teacher at preschool by solving the following riddle:

_Klaudia and Natalia have 10 apples together, but Klaudia has two apples more than Natalia. How many apples does each of he girls have?_

Julka said without thinking: Klaudia has 6 apples and Natalia 4 apples. The teacher tried to check if Julka's answer wasn't accidental and repeated the riddle every time increasing the numbers. Every time Julka answered correctly. The surprised teacher wanted to continue questioning Julka, but with big numbers she could't solve the riddle fast enough herself. Help the teacher and write a program which will give her the right answers.

Task

----

Write a program which

- reads from standard input the number of apples the girls have together and how many more apples Klaudia has,

- counts the number of apples belonging to Klaudia and the number of apples belonging to Natalia,

- writes the outcome to standard output

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

 Ten test cases (given one under another, you have to process all!). Every test case consists of two lines. The first line says how many apples both girls have together. The second line says how many more apples Klaudia has. Both numbers are positive integers. It is known that both girls have no more than 10 $ ^{100} $ (1 and 100 zeros) apples together. As you can see apples can be very small.

### 输出格式

For every test case your program should output two lines. The first line should contain the number of apples belonging to Klaudia. The second line should contain the number of apples belonging to Natalia.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
10
2
[and 9 test cases more]
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
6
4
[and 9 test cases more]
```


