# SUPPER - Supernumbers in a permutation

## 题意翻译

给出一个序列，找出所有属于它的至少一个最长上升子序列的元素。

## 题目描述

 An _n_-element permutation is an _n_-element sequence of distinct numbers from the set _{1, 2, ...,n}_. For example the sequence 2,1,4,5,3 is a 5-element permutation. We are interested in the longest increasing subsequences in a permutation. In this exemplary permutation they are of length 3 and there are exactly 2 such subsequences: 2,4,5 and 1,4,5. We will call a number belonging to any of the longest increasing subsequences a _supernumber_. In the permutation 2,1,4,5,3 the supernumbers are 1,2,4,5 and 3 is not a supernumber. Your task is to find all supernumbers for a given permutation.

Task

-----

Write a program which

- reads a permutation from standard input,

- finds all its supernumbers,

- writes all found numbers to standard output.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

 Ten test cases (given one under another, you have to process all!). Each test case consists of two lines. In the first line there is a number _n_ (1<=n<=100000). In the second line: an _n_-element permutation - _n_ numbers separated by single spaces.

### 输出格式

 For every test case your program should write two lines. In the first line - the number of supernumbers in the input permutation. In the second line the supernumbers separated by single spaces in increasing order.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
2 1 4 5 3
[and 9 test cases more]
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
4
1 2 4 5
[and 9 test cases more]
```


## 说明

**Warning: large Input/Output data, be careful with certain languages**

