# PICAD - Crime at Piccadily Circus

## 题意翻译

- 苏格兰场发生了一起案件，现在给出作案的可能时间和每个嫌疑人在现场的时间区间，求案发时在现场的人最少和最多有几个人。

- 输入第一行两个整数，作案可能时间的区间。第二行一个整数，审讯的人数n。下面n行，每行两个整数，对于每个被审讯的人，输入他在现场的时间区间。

- 输出一行，两个整数，案发时在现场的人最少和最多有几个人，用空格隔开。

## 题目描述

 Sherlock Holmes is carrying out an investigation into the crime at Piccadily Circus. Holmes is trying to determine the maximal and minimal number of people staying simultaneously at the crime scene at a moment when the crime could have been commited. Scotland Yard has already carried out a thorough investigation already, interrogated everyone seen at the crime scene and determined what time they appeared at the crime scene and what time they left. Doctor Watson offered his help to process the data gathered by Scotland Yard and find the numbers interesting Sherlock Holmes, but he has some difficulties. Help him!

### Task

Write a program which

- reads from standard input the time interval during which the crime was commited and the data gathered by Scotland Yard,

- finds the minimal and the maximal number of people present simultaneously in the time interval when the crime could have been commited, (these numbers can be zero, though it would seem strange that noone was present at the crime scene when the crime was commited, but that's the type of crime Holmes and Watson have to deal with)

- writes the outcome to standard output.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

 Ten test cases (given one under another, you have to process all!). The first line of each test case consists of two integer numbers _p_ and _k_, _0<=p<=k<=100000000_. These denote the first and the last moment when the crime could have been commited. The second line of each test case contains one integer _n, 3<=n<=5000_. This is the number of people interrogated by Scotland Yard. The next _n_ lines consist of two integers - line _i+2_ contains numbers _a $ _{i} $_ and _b $ _{i} $_ separated by a single space, _0<=a $ _{i} $ <=b $ _{i} $ <=1000000000_. These are the moments at which the _i_-th person apperared at and left the crime scene respectively. It means that the _i_-th person was at the crime scene for the whole time from moment _a $ _{i} $_ until moment _b $ _{i} $_ (inclusive).

### 输出格式

 For every test case your program should write to the standard output only one line with two integers separated by a single space: the minimal and maximal number of people staying simultaneously at the crime scene, in the interval between moment _p_ and _k_, (inclusive).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5 10
4
1 8
5 8
7 10
8 9
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1 4
```


