# INCR - Increasing Subsequences

## 题目描述

 A sequence **p(1)**, **p(2)**, ..., **p(N)** consisting of numbers 1, 2, ..., **N** is called a permutation if all elements in the sequence are different.

It is said that a permutation **p** contains increasing subsequence of **k** elements when there are numbers 1 ≤ **i $ _{1} $** < **i $ _{2} $** < ... < **i $ _{k} $** ≤ N such that **p(i $ _{1} $ )** < **p(i $ _{2} $ )** < ... < **p(i $ _{k} $ )**.

When a permutation **p** contains an increasing subsequence consisting of **B** elements and does not contain an increasing subsequence consisting of **B+1** elements then the number **B** is called the degree of increase of this permutation.

You need to write a program which being given a number **N** calculates the number of permutations whose degree of increase is **B**. Since the number of such permutations might be quite big, it is necessary to calculate its remainder of integer division by 1 000 000 000.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

First line of input contains integer **T** (1 ≤ **T** ≤ 60) - the number of testcases. Then descriptions of **T** testcases follow.

The description of the testcase consists of one line. The line contains two integer numbers **N** and **B** (1 ≤ **N** ≤ 40, 1 ≤ **B** ≤ 5) separated by one or more spaces.

### 输出格式

For each testcase in the input your program should output one line. This line should contain one integer number which is the remainder of integer division by 1 000 000 000 of the number of permutations whose degree of increase is **B**.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
3 2
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
4
```


