# HACKING - Hacking

## 题意翻译

给你一个长度为 n 的字符串 S，找出一个长度小于等于

m 的，由字母表中前 k 个字符构成的字符串 s1，且满足 s1

不能是 S 的一个子串。

保证有解。

n ≤ $10^4$

, m ≤ 100, k ≤ 26

## 题目描述

A coach of one of the soccer world finals teams (lets call him Hugo Hacker) wants to find out secret information about an opposing team before the game. The coach of the opposing team has a website with public information about his team. Hugo suspects that also secret information is stored on the computer which hosts the website.

The website contains a form which allows to search for key words and returns a chunk of a text file which contains the key word. Hugo has found out that by entering words which cannot be found in the documents publicly available, he can exploit a bug in the search and get access to other files on the computer. He already knows the publicly available documents. However the search box has a restriction on the maximum length of a word and the characters which can be entered. Can you tell him a word which can be entered in the search box and which does not occur as a substring in the documents?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input consists of the number of test cases which are to follow. Each test case consists of two lines: in the first line there are three integers _n_ (_1 ), _m_ (_1 ) and _k_ (_1 ), where _n_ is the length of the publicly available documents, _m_ is the maximum allowed length of words which can be entered in the search box, and _k_ specifies that the search box allows only the first _k_ characters of the alphabet. The second line of each test case describes the publicly available documents and consists of _n_ lower-case letters.___

### 输出格式

For each test case in the input, print one line in the output containing a word which does not occur as a substring in the given text. The word should have at most _m_ lower-case characters from the first _k_ letters in the alphabet. You may assume that for each given test case, there is always at least one such word (you may print any such word).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2
9 3 2
bbbaababb
9 3 2
aaabbabaa
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
aaa
bbb
```


