# RNDORDER - The Least Number

## 题目描述

You are given n symbols a $ _{1} $ , a $ _{2} $ ,..., a $ _{n} $ . You are told that there is a total ordering of the symbols. That is, there is a permutation \[P1, P2,..., Pn\] of \[1,2,...,n\] such that a $ _{P1} $ < a $ _{P2} $ <...< a $ _{Pn} $ . You are trying to figure out the order by doing comparisons. The process you follow for determining the order is as follows:

- Compare \[a $ _{1} $ , a $ _{2} $ \]

- Compare \[a $ _{2} $ , a $ _{3} $ \], \[a $ _{1} $ , a $ _{3} $ \]

- Compare \[a $ _{3} $ , a $ _{4} $ \], \[a $ _{2} $ , a $ _{4} $ \], \[a $ _{1} $ , a $ _{4} $ \]

- ....

- ....

- Compare \[a $ _{n-1} $ ,a $ _{n} $ \], \[a $ _{n-2} $ ,a $ _{n} $ \],..., \[a $ _{1} $ , a $ _{n} $ \]

Note that you compare in the order specified. That is you compare \[a $ _{2} $ , a $ _{3} $ \], then and only then do you compare \[a $ _{1} $ , a $ _{3} $ \].

Definition of Compare\[a $ _{i} $ , a $ _{j} $ \] (i < j)

- If Compare \[a $ _{i} $ , a $ _{j} $ \] = 1, it means a $ _{i} $ > a $ _{j} $ . If Compare\[a $ _{i} $ , a $ _{j} $ \] = -1, it means a $ _{i} $ < a $ _{j} $ .

- Compare is consistent. Suppose, that you queried \[a $ _{2} $ , a $ _{6} $ \] and it was already established \[a $ _{2} $ < a $ _{6} $ \] (because for example a $ _{2} $ < a $ _{5} $ and a $ _{5} $ < a $ _{6} $ - since both of these comparisons happen earlier), then \[a $ _{2} $ , a $ _{6} $ \] returns -1.

- If no relationship is known between a $ _{i} $ and a $ _{j} $ , Compare\[a $ _{i} $ , a $ _{j} $ \] = 1 with probablity 1/2 and -1 with probability 1/2

Your task is to output the probability that a $ _{1} $ is the smallest element of the final ordering so obtained.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

First line contains T, the number of test cases

Each of the next T lines contains one number each, **n**(1 <= n <= 1000).

### 输出格式

Output T lines in total, one per test case: Probability that a $ _{1} $ is indeed the smallest element at the end of the comparisons. Your output will be judged correct if it differs by no more than 10 $ ^{-9} $ to the reference answer.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
3
1
2
3
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp

```
