# PARTPAL - Partial Palindrome

## 题目描述

Fernando is president of country named Palindromia. Every two years there are elections in Palindromia, but not normal elections. Elections in Palindromia are preformed in next steps:

- Candidate which at the moment isn't president gives to the current president one string **_O,_** which consist only of upper-case letters of english alphabet and character '?', string _**U,**_ which consist only of upper-case letters of english alphabet, and integer **_K_**.

- Current president has one day to compute all longest palindromes in the first string by the folowing rules:

- Every '?' in _**O**_ is substituted with one letter from _**U**_, _**i**_-th '?' in **_O_** with **_i_**-th letter in _**U**_.

- Every time he search for palindromes, he may substitute some '?' with any letter, at most _**K**_-times.

- If he finds palindrome, he goes to step 1.

- If he doesn't succeed, the candidate becomes the new president

- If there are more candidates, go to step one.

Fernando wants to stay president for at least two more years, so he asks you to write program which solves his problem.

> >

>

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

First line of input will contain string _**O**_ ( 1 <= lenght of **_O_** <= 5 \* 10^5 ), string which Fernando must compute to stay president. _**O**_ will consist only of upper-case letters of english alphabet and character '?'. You may assume there is at least one '?' in _**O**_.

Second line will contain string _**U**_, string with leads for '?'s. _**i**_-th letter in _**U**_ corespond to _**i**_-th '?' in **_O_**. _**U**_ will consist only of upper-case letters of english alphabet.

Third line will contain integer _**K**_ ( 0 <= K <= 300 ), number of replacements.

**_It is guraranteed that there will be not more than 300 '?'s._**

### 输出格式

In first line of output print integer _**S**_, lenght of the longest palindrome that Fernando could find.

In Second and next lines print string _**P** **$ _{i} $**_ and integer **_L $ _{i} $ ,_** longest palindrome and position where it starts. Each _**P** **$ _{i} $**_ must contain only upper-case letters of english alphabet.

**Notes:**

- you must print all longest palindromes, in alphabeticaly increasing order

- if two or more palindromes starts at the same position, print only one of them

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\nUDOVICAB??IVODUANAVOL?MILOVANA\nCCA\n1\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\n15\nANAVOLIMILOVANA 16\nUDOVICABACIVODU 1\n\n\nNote that both palindromes have 1 letter which Fernando has changed.\n\n\n\nInput:\nABCDE??ABCDE??\nABCD\n1\n\nOutput:\n5\nCBABC 6\n\n\nInput:\nABCDE??ABCDEFG\nFG\n0\n\nOutput:\n1\nA 1\nA 8\nB 2\nB 9\nC 10\nC 3\nD 4\nD 11\nE 5\nE 12\nF 13\nF 6\nG 7\nG 14\n\n
```


