# DTWW - Doing The Word Wrap

## 题目描述

You are developing a visual component for a web browser. The component is known as textarea,

and its main functionality is to show a given text using one or more lines. Every textarea has

a linewidth W , which is the number of characters that can fit in a single line.

The text that needs to be shown is a sequence of words. The textarea must display the text

using lines of W characters, without breaking any word, and placing a single space between

each pair of consecutive words that are in the same line. Any number of trailing spaces may

be left at the end of each line. So the behavior of the textarea is quite simple: it keeps adding

words to a line until the next word does not fit; each time this occurs, a new line is started.

With the permanent growing in the amount of information that web pages must show, you

have to make a smart textarea that uses as little space as possible, even when dealing with very

long texts. Given a text to show and a number of lines L, you must set the linewidth W to the

minimum possible value such that the text is shown using at most L lines.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains several test cases, each one described in exactly two lines. The first line

of each test case contains two integers L and N separated by a single space, where L is the

maximum number of lines the textarea can have (1 the text to show is made of (1 by N non-empty words of at most 25 lowercase letters each, separated by an arbitrary number

of spaces. The last line of the input contains the number −1 twice separated by a single space

and should not be processed as a test case.

### 输出格式

For each test case output a single line with an integer W representing the minimum linewidth

such that the textarea has at most L lines.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n1 2\nhello     word\n2 2\nracing club\n-1 -1\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
10\n6
```


