# FALTAENV - Falta Envido

## 题目描述

Envido is an important part of the typical argentinian game Truco. It is even more important

when Falta Envido is called, because in this case the winner of the Envido wins the entire game.

In this problem you are asked to calculate the envido advantage of a cheater.

Truco is played with a limited deck of spanish cards. This deck contains four suits: espada,

basto, copa and oro. There are 10 cards of each suit: 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 10, 11 and 12. Cards

10, 11 and 12 have an envido value of 0, while the envido value for any of the other cards is

simply its number. Each player holds three cards. The winner of an Envido is the player with

the higher envido score. When calculating his envido score each player can either:

1\. select a single card and have as envido score the envido value of the card; or

2\. select two cards of the same suit and have as envido score 20 plus the sum of the envido

value of each selected card.

Players always select the card or cards that yield the highest envido score. For instance, a

player having a 10 and a 2 of the same suit, together with a 5 of a different suit, would inform

an envido score of 22 because 20 + 0 + 2 = 22.

A cheater playing Truco thinks that he can change one of his three cards without anybody else

in the table noticing. If he changes more than one card, he surely will be discovered, so he does

not do that. Since even changing one card is risky, he only does it when the envido score of the

resulting hand is much higher than the one of his original hand.

Given the cards the cheater has in hand, you must calculate the maximum increase he can get

in the envido score by exchanging one of his cards with a card from the deck. Notice that the

resulting hand must be formed by two of his original cards and one new card selected from the

deck, and that he cannot have two equal cards (same number and suit).

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains several test cases. Each test case is described in a single line that contains

six values N1 , S1 , N2 , S2 , N3 , and S3 separated by single spaces. Each pair (Ni , Si ) describes

a card in the hand of the cheater (1 5, 6, 7, 10, 11 or 12), and Si is its suit (espada, basto, copa or oro). You may assume that the

three cards are different. The last line of the input contains three times the number −1 and an

asterisk, with the six values separated by single spaces, and should not be processed as a test

case.

### 输出格式

For each test case output a single line with an integer representing the maximum increase in

the envido score that can be obtained by replacing exactly one card of the input hand.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n12 espada 10 basto 11 basto\n7 espada 1 oro 2 oro\n7 espada 1 oro 6 espada\n-1 * -1 * -1 *\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
7\n10\n0
```


