# DINOSM - Dinosaur Menace

## 题目描述

After a failed but interesting DNA project, a lot of dinosaurs spread over the lab devouring

most of the staff. Jeff, a scientist that worked in the project, managed to survive by hiding in

the southwest corner of the lab. Now that all dinosaurs are asleep, he is going to try to leave.

The exit of the lab is located at the northeast corner.

Jeff knows that if any of the dinosaurs wakes up, he does not stand a chance, so he needs to

minimize the likelihood of that happening. For that, he wants to follow a path that maximizes

the minimum distance from him to a dinosaur along the path. The length of the path is of no

interest to Jeff.

For this problem we consider that Jeff and the dinosaurs are points on the plane, and that Jeff’s

path is a continuous curve conecting the southwest and northeast corners of the lab. As we

mentioned, Jeff wants to maximize the minimum distance between this curve and the position

of any dinosaur.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line of each

test case contains three integers N , W , and H separated by single spaces. The value N is the

number of dinosaurs in the lab (1 size of the lab on the x and y coordinates, respectively (2 the starting position of Jeff is at (0, 0), while the exit of the lab is located at (W, H). Each

of the next N lines contains two integers X and Y separated by a single space, representing

the coordinates of a different dinosaur (1 dinosaur is located on the border of the lab. You may assume that no two dinosaurs have the

same location. The last line of the input contains the number −1 three times separated by

single spaces and should not be processed as a test case.

### 输出格式

For each test case output a single line with the maximum possible distance to the closest

dinosaur. Write the result rounded to the closest number with exactly three decimal places,

using the highest in case of ties, as usual.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n1 2 2\n1 1\n3 5 4\n1 3\n4 1\n1 2\n2 5 4\n1 3\n4 1\n-1 -1 -1\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1.000\n1.581\n1.803
```


