# BACKTPOL - Back To The Polygon

## 题目描述

A simple polygon is a polygon that does not overlap with itself. A diagonal of a simple polygon

is a segment within the polygon that connects two non-consecutive vertices. A triangulation

of a simple polygon of N edges is the drawing of exactly N − 3 diagonals that do not touch

each other anywhere, with the possible exception of their endpoints. A triangulation divides

the polygon in exactly N − 2 triangles that do not overlap and only touch each other along

their edges.

In this problem, you are given the triangulation of a simple polygon, which means, the set of

triangles in which a polygon was divided. From them, you need to reconstruct the original

polygon.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line of each

test case contains an integer N (3 Each of the next N − 2 lines describes one triangle in the triangulation of the polygon. Each

triangle is given by six integers X1 , Y1 , X2 , Y2 , X3 and Y3 separated by single spaces, where Xi

and Yi are the coordinates in the XY plane of the i-th vertex of the triangle (−1000 1000). The triangles and their vertices are not given in any specific order. The last line of the

input contains a single −1 and should not be processed as a test case.

### 输出格式

For each test case output a single line with 2N integers separated by single spaces. These

integers must represent the coordinates in the XY plane of the vertices of the original polygon,

in clockwise order. To make the output unique, the first vertex to be listed is the one with the

smallest X coordinate, and if there are many of those, the one with the smallest Y coordinate

among them.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n5\n0 0 10 9 10 0\n10 9 0 9 0 0\n10 9 0 9 5 13\n3\n0 1 1 1 1 0\n10\n-1 -2 2 -2 2 -1\n-1 -2 0 -1 -2 3\n-2 3 2 3 1 2\n0 -1 2 1 1 2\n-1 -2 2 -1 0 -1\n2 1 0 -1 2 0\n2 3 2 2 1 2\n0 -1 -2 3 1 2\n-1\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\n0 0 0 9 5 13 10 9 10 0\n0 1 1 1 1 0\n-2 3 2 3 2 2 1 2 2 1 2 0 0 -1 2 -1 2 -2 -1 -2
```


