# FTHEELF - Feanor The Elf

## 题目描述

Feanor is an elf, and of course, he really likes arrows and bows. Surprisingly enough, Feanor

has a laptop, but he knows nothing about programming, so he requires your help.

Feanor lives in a tower of height H, and he loves throwing arrows from the top of it. He had a

good amount of intesive training and he knows that he always throws his arrows with the same

initial speed V . He wants you to make a program that given H and V returns the maximum

distance that a Feanor’s arrow can reach when it hits the ground, measured from the base

of the tower. With this information, he will be able to place a nice circular fence to prevent

deoriented little elves from being killed.

Newtonian laws apply in Feanor’s world and the gravity has the same strength as in ours. These

laws can be summarized as follows:

• The position of Feanor is assumed to be a point. The same occurs with the position of

his arrow at each moment in time.

• The initial speed V of the arrow can be expressed as Vx $ ^{2} $ + Vy $ ^{2} $ = V $ ^{2} $ , where Vx and Vy

are the horizontal and vertical components of V , respectively. Speed Vx is always non-

negative, while speed Vy is positive if the arrow is thrown up, and negative if the arrow

is thrown down.

• The initial position of the arrow is the position of Feanor.

• The horizontal position of the arrow (relative to Feanor’s position) at time t is x(t) = Vx \* t.

• The vertical position of the arrow (relative to Feanor’s position) at time t is y(t) = Vy \* t − gt $ ^{2} $ / 2, where g = 9.8 m/s2 .

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains several test cases. Each test case is described in a single line that contains

two integers V and H separated by a single space. The value V is the initial speed of Feanor’s

arrow measured in m/s (0 (0 space and should not be processed as a test case.

### 输出格式

For each test case output a single line with the radius of Feanor’s fence in meters, rounded up

to 6 decimal digits (he wants to be sure that he doesn’t kill those cute little elves).

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n1 0\n10 0\n100 0\n1000 0\n-1 -1\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\n\n0.102041\n10.204082\n1020.408163\n102040.816327
```


