# HEXBOARD - Hexagonal Board

## 题目描述

Square boards (as the chessboard) are really common among games and luckily, they are easy

to draw with the help of a ruler. However, there exist other games that requiere hexagonal

boards, that are much harder to draw by hand.

The Institute for Client Permanent Comfort (ICPC) of a famous board game factory has decided

to provide their customers with an automated program to build hexagonal boards for several

games. The size of an hexagonal board is determined by a single integer N that indicates how

many cells there are in each of the 6 sides of the board. For example, a board of size N = 2

should look as follows when drawn by the program.

\_

\_/ \\\_

/ \\\_/ \\

\\\_/ \\\_/

/ \\\_/ \\

\\\_/ \\\_/

\\\_/

Your task is to help ICPC in making the program.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains several test cases. Each test case is described in a single line that contains

an integer N representing the size of the board (1 contains a single −1 and should not be processed as a test case.

### 输出格式

For each test case output the hexagonal board of the required size, and a line with exactly

three asterisks. You have to follow the sample input and output, as well as the example given

above. Use only regular spaces, underscores (“ ”), slashes (“/”) and backslashes (“\\”). There

must be no trailing spaces at the end of printed lines, neither empty lines.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1\n3\n-1\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
_\n/ \\n\_/\n***\n     _\n   _/ \_\n _/ \_/ \_\n/ \_/ \_/ \\n\_/ \_/ \_/\n/ \_/ \_/ \\n\_/ \_/ \_/\n/ \_/ \_/ \\n\_/ \_/ \_/\n  \_/ \_/\n    \_/\n***
```


