# INVESORT - Inversion Sort

## 题目描述

You have just bought an old fashioned jukebox that can hold 10 music albums. Albums

are mantained as a sequence, each album represented by a unique lowercase letter between

“a” and “j”, inclusive. The jukebox allows you to select a subsequence of contiguous

albums and a mechanical arm inverts that part of the sequence. For instance, if the

current sequence is “abcdefghij” and you select the subsequence “bcd”, the result of

the inversion would be “adcbefghij”. Soon you notice that it is possible to get the

albums into any desired order using simply inversions. However, you are interested in

doing so with the minimum number of operations.

Given the current order and a desired order of the 10 music albums, find the minimum

number of inversion operations needed to obtain the desired order.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains several test cases, each one described in a single line. The line contains

two strings C and D separated by a single space, representing the current and desired

orders of the music albums, respectively. Each of the strings has exactly 10 characters

and contains the characters of “abcdefghij” in some order. The last line of the input

contains two asterisks (“\*”) separated by a single space and should not be processed as

a test case.

### 输出格式

For each test case output a single line with an integer representing the minimum number

of inversions needed to transform the current order given by C, into the desired order

given by D.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\nabcdefghij adcbefghij\nabcdefghij abcdefghij\nbcdaefghji beagfcdhji\n* *\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
1\n0\n2
```


