# GARBAGE - Garbage Collection

## 题目描述

A big office uses a cleaning robot to empty the trash can in every cubicle. The surface of

each cubicle is a square and the office floor plan is organized as a rectangular matrix of R

rows of C cubicles each. The cleaning process begins by the robot entering the floor by a

door that accesses the topmost leftmost cubicle, and finishes with the robot exiting using

the same door. Both entering and leaving take 26 seconds each. When the cleaning robot

is in a cubicle it can emtpy the trash can using 13 seconds. The robot can also move to

a cubicle that shares a side with its current location, using 38 seconds. The robot needs

to enter in each cubicle at least once to empty its trash can.

The total time the robot takes for the entire process depends on the actual tour through

the different cubicles. Among all possible tours, we are interested in those of minimum

time.

Given the description of the office, you must indicate the minimum time required for

the entire cleaning process (including entering, leaving, emptying the trash can in every

cubicle, and moving around). Notice that it is possible that an optimal tour passes

through a cubicle several times, but the robot has to take the time to empty the trash

can only once.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains several test cases, each one described in a single line. The line contains

two integers R and C separated by a single space, representing the number of rows and

cubicles per row, respectively (1 number −1 twice separated by a single space and should not be processed as a test case.

### 输出格式

For each test case output a single line with an integer representing the minimum number

of seconds that the robot needs to complete the cleaning process.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n4 2\n3 3\n-1 -1\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
460\n549
```


