# CLOSEST - Closest Triplet

## 题目描述

Closest pair is an old problem that asks to find, given a set of N points in the plane,

the pair that minimizes the distance between them. This problem can easily be solved

using roughly N 2 operations by testing all possible pairs of points and keeping at each

step the optimal pair. With a more clever approach, the problem has been solved using

∼ N log N operations.

Closest triplet is an analogous problem which also takes a set of N points as input, and

asks for the triplet (group of three points) that minimizes the sum of the three distances

between each pair of them. In this case there is also a trivial solution that tests all possible

triplets using roughly N $ ^{3} $ operations. However, since you are a clever programmer, we

are confident that you are able to find a better algorithm.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The input contains several test cases, each one described in several lines. The first line

contains an integer N indicating the number of points in the set (3 of the next N lines describes a different point of the set using two integers X and Y

separated by a single space (1 the point in the XY plane. You may assume that within each test case no two points

have the same location. The last line of the input contains a single −1 and should not

be processed as a test case.

### 输出格式

For each test case output a single line with a real number representing the sum of the

distances between each pair of points of any closest triplet of the set of points. Round

the result to the closest rational number with three decimal places. In case of ties, round

up. Always use exactly three digits after the decimal point, even if it means finishing

with a zero.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n4\n1 1\n4 1\n1 5\n1000 1000\n9\n100000 200000\n200000 200000\n150000 286603\n60000 140000\n240000 140000\n150000 340000\n1 340000\n300000 340000\n150000 87087\n-1\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
12.000\n300000.796
```


