# ACTIV - Activities

## 题目描述

Ana likes many activities. She likes acrobatics, alchemy, archery, art, Arabic dances, and

many more. She joined a club that offers several classes. Each class has a time interval

in every week. Ana wants to sign up for many classes, but since they overlap in time, she

looks for a subset of non-overlapping classes to attend. A subset is non-overlapping if it

does not contain two classes that overlap in time. If a class starts at the time another

class ends, this is not considered overlapping.

Ana decided to list all the non-overlapping non-empty subsets of classes. Then she will

choose the subset she likes best. In order to predict the amount of paper needed to write

the list, she wants you to calculate how many of these subsets there are.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains an integer N

indicating the number of classes the club offers (1 describes a class using two integers S and E that represent the starting and ending times

of the class, respectively (1 containing a single −1.

### 输出格式

For each test case, output a single line with a single integer representing the number of

non-overlapping non-empty subsets of classes. To make your life easier, output only the

last 8 digits of the result. If the result has less than 8 digits, write it with leading zeros

to complete 8 digits.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n5\n1 3\n3 5\n5 7\n2 4\n4 6\n3\n500000000 1000000000\n1 500000000\n1 500000000\n1\n999999999 1000000000\n-1
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\n00000012\n00000005\n00000001
```


