# ESCJAILA - Escape from Jail Again

## 题目描述

A new International Common Prison for Criminals (ICPC) was built, and your old friend

Harry was moved there as a prisoner. As before, the new ICPC is one of the most secure

prisons in the world. It was designed by and old gamer and as such, the prison is not

necessarily closed, but only an incredibly logical and fast mind can get out.

The new ICPC can be represented as a grid of square cells. Each cell is empty, or it

contains a wall, a door, an opening button or a closing button. Harry was accommodated

in an empty cell, and all doors were closed. Nevertheless, Harry told you that he will

try to escape. Each time Harry is in a cell, he can move in a single step to an adjacent

cell (i.e., a cell that shares a side with his current location). Each time Harry steps on a

cell that contains an opening button, all doors open, while each time he steps on a cell

that contains a closing button, all doors close. Harry can walk around as he wants within

the prison, although he cannot move to a cell that contains a wall, neither to a cell that

contains a door if the doors are closed.

To escape from the prison, Harry needs to step outside, which means placing himself in

one of the cells on the sides and then taking one extra step out in the direction opposite

to the prison.

You obtained a map of the prison, and Harry deserves your advise. Tell him the minimum

number of steps he needs to escape, or warn him that there is no way to get out.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains two integers N and

M indicating respectively the number of rows and columns of the grid that represents

the prison (1 using a string of exactly M characters, where character j represents cell j of that row.

This string only contains the following characters with the indicated meanings: “H” is

the empty cell where Harry is at the beginning; “.” is an empty cell where Harry is not

at the beginning; “W” is a wall; “D” is a door; “O” is an opening button; and “C” is closing

button. You may assume that within each test case there is exactly one character “H”.

The end of input is indicated with a line containing the number −1 twice.

### 输出格式

For each test case, output a single line with a single integer representing the minimum

number of steps Harry needs to escape the prison, or the number −1 if it is impossible

for him to do so.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n5 8\nWWWWWWW.\nWHDC...D\nW.WW.WCW\nW.OW..OW\n.WWWWWWW\n3 3\nODO\nDHD\nODO\n3 7\nWWWWWWW\nDH..OCD\nWWWWWWW\n4 1\nW\nH\nO\nW\n1 13\nHOW.DO.COW.DO\n-1 -1
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\n21\n-1\n8\n1\n1
```


