# FILRTEST - File Recover Testing

## 题目描述

In a recent programming contest appeared a problem named “File Recover”. In that

problem, repeated strings of a given text were to be counted. You are preparing test

cases for that problem, and in order to test for border cases you want to generate a text

with many repetitions of a particular string.

Of course, test cases cannot be arbitrarily long, so you decided to choose a length and a

string, and then fit in a text of that length as many repetitions as possible of the string.

For instance, if the length is 14 and the string is “abcab”, you may generate the text

“abcabcabcabcab” whose length is 14 and where the string “abcab” appears 4 times

(starting at positions 1, 4, 7 and 10).

You would like to know how good your idea is before implementing. Given a length and

a string, you must determine the maximum number of times the characters of the string

can appear consecutively in a text of that length.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Each test case is described using a single line. The line contains an integer K (1 10 $ ^{9} $ ) and a non-empty string S of at most 10 $ ^{6} $ lowercase letters. The end of input is

indicated with a line containing the number −1 and an asterisk (“\*”).

### 输出格式

For each test case, output a single line with a single integer representing the maximum

number of times the characters of S can appear consecutively in a text of length K.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n14 abcab\n1000 abcde\n1000000000 z\n1 zzzzz\n-1 *
\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\n4\n200\n1000000000\n0
```


