# HACKERS - Hackers

## 题目描述

The network of your office is composed of several computers and bidirectional links. Each

link connects a given pair of computers and has an access value. Each user in the network

has an access privilege, and is able to use any link with access value not exceeding his

access privilege.

Everything was fine until suddenly you notice that a bunch of hackers are accessing the

network. You know that if there is a link between computers A and B, with access value

V , and a hacker with access privilege of at least V controls A, then he can control B.

Hackers wish to control the most important computers by exploiting problems in the

network. They are trying to increase their access privileges in order to use the links, and

your task is to measure how safe the network is.

Given the description of the network, the computer each hacker currently controls and

the target computer each hacker wishes to control, you need to calculate the minimum

access privilege each hacker needs to get in order to control his target computer.

Hackers act independently, neither they collaborate nor interfere with each other. This

means that each hacker may control each computer and use each link independently of

what the other hackers do.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

Each test case is described using several lines. The first line contains three integers

C, L and H, indicating the number of computers, links and hackers in the network,

respectively (2 number between 1 and C. Each of the next L lines describes a different bidirectional link

using three integers A, B and V ; the numbers A and B identify two distinct computers

that are the endpoints of the link (1 of the link, that is, any hacker must have an access privilege of at least V to use the

link (1 distinct integers S and T that identify the computer that the hacker currently controls

and the computer that the hacker wishes to control, respectively (1 may assume that within each test case no two links connect the same pair of computers,

and that for any pair of computers there is at least one sequence of links that allow to

reach one computer starting from the other. The end of input is indicated with a line

containing the number −1 three times.

### 输出格式

For each test case, output a single line with H integers representing the minimum access

privilege each hacker needs to achieve its goal. The result for each hacker must appear

in the same order that the hackers are described in the input.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n5 6 4\n1 2 4\n1 3 5\n2 4 3\n2 5 1\n3 4 2\n4 5 2\n3 2\n2 4\n1 5\n3 1\n2 1 1\n1 2 1\n2 1\n2 1 3\n1 2 1000000000\n2 1\n2 1\n1 2\n-1 -1 -1
\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\n2 2 4 4\n1\n1000000000 1000000000 1000000000
```


