# IITD5 - Expected Cycle Sums

## 题目描述

We are given a sequence S of N distinct integers. Denote by S\[i\] as ith element of S.

Hardik picks up a random permutation of S , breaks it into product of disjoint cycles & looks at cycle containing S\[i\].He notes down the sum of all element of this cycle. Call the expected value of this sum as cycleSum\[i\]. Your task is to find the minimum value amongst all cycleSums.

Assume all permutations of these N numbers are equally likely.

**Input Format :**

First line contains an integer T which denotes the number of test cases. Then follow description of T test scenarios. Each test scenario takes 2 lines. First line contains a single integer N, the size of S. Then follows second line containing N elements of S.

**Output Format :**

Print answer for each test case , rounded to exactly one decimal place , in one line each.

**Sample Input :**

2

1

1

2

1 2

**Sample Output:**

1.0

2.0

**Note:** Notion of cycles for any sequence is defined by using index in the sequence (1-N).

**Explaination for sample output** :

In first case only possible permutation is (1) So answer is trivially 1.0

In second case possible permutations are (1)(2) & (12). As both of these are equally likely, cycleSum\[1\] = 1/2 \* 1 + 1/2 \* (1+2) = 2.0

And cycleSum\[2\] = 1/2 \* 2 + 1/2 \* (1+2) = 2.5. Smaller of these is 2.0 , hence the answer.

**Constraints :**

1<=T<=500

1<=N<=5000

All elements of S are distinct integers in range 0 to 10^5

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

