# MLK - Milk Trading

## 题目描述

 Hareedi and Hanadt live in a village with **N** houses built next to each other along one

straight roadway with equal distances between adjacent houses. Some people own cows

and sell the milk their cows produce, while others do not own cows and may need to buy

milk.

Every morning, Hareedi and Hanadi transport milk around the village such that everyone

buys or sells the exact number of bottles they want. Transporting one bottle of milk from

one house to an adjacent house results in one unit of work. **Fortunately**, the number of

milk bottles needed by people is always equal to the number of milk bottles sold by

cow owners.

### Task

write a program that is given the number of milk bottles that people at each house needs

to buy or sell, represented as an integer, finds the minimum work necessary to transport

the bottles from sellers to buyers.

**Constraints**

2 N

-1000 ****B $ _{i} $ **1000** Integer representing the number of bottles to be bought from or****

sold to people at the house at position **i.**

**Input**

- Line 1 contains the integer **N**, the number of houses.

- Each of the next **N** lines contains an integer **B $ _{i} $ . If **B $ _{i} $** > 0 then people in house i are cow**

owners and want **to sell **B $ _{i} $** bottles of milk, If **B $ _{i} $** i are not cow owners**

**and want to buy **B $ _{i} $** bottles of milk.**

**Output**

- A single line containing a single integer, the minimum work units necessary to

transport the bottle of milk.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
5
5
-4
1
-3
1
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
9
```


