# HS10RMSY - Check Ramsey

## 题目描述

From Ramsey theorem we know that for every _k, l_ pair there exists an integer: _R_(_k, l_) for that if _n >= R_(_k, l_), then if you color the edges of a complete graph on _n_ vertices with red and blue then it contains a complete subgraph on _k_ vertices whose edges are blue or a complete subgraph on _l_ vertices whose edges are red. To get an impression of the theorem you have to count the number of complete subgraphs having _k_ nodes with blue edges - _K_(_k_) and the number of complete subgraphs having _l_ nodes with red edges - _K_(_l_) for each edge coloring.

To make the problem somewhat easier (or harder?) for each test the probability that an edge is red (or blue) is close to 1/2. This means that on _n_ vertices you will see about _n_(_n_-1)/4 red edges.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains the number of test cases _T_, where _T_ <= 100. After it there is a blank line and also after every test. Each test starts with four integers _n_, _k_, _l_, _e_ in this order, where 3 <= _k_ <= _l_ <= _n_ < 100, here _e_ is the number of red edges (we are not interested in very large monochromatic complete subgraphs, so you can assume that _k_, _l_ <= 10 is also true). Then follow _e_ lines, each of them gives two integers: _x_, _y_, it means that there is a red edge between points 0 <= _x_, _y_ < _n_. All other edges are blue.

### 输出格式

For each test print the case number then the count of blue _K_(_k_) and red _K_(_l_) for the edge coloring.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
\n3\n\n5 3 3 5\n0 1\n1 2\n2 3\n3 4\n4 0\n\n6 3 3 6\n0 1\n1 2\n2 3\n3 4\n4 5\n5 0\n\n8 3 4 7\n0 1\n0 2\n0 3\n0 4\n1 2\n1 3\n2 3\n\n
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
\nCase #1:\nThe number of blue K(3) is 0 and the number of red K(3) is 0.\nCase #2:\nThe number of blue K(3) is 2 and the number of red K(3) is 0.\nCase #3:\nThe number of blue K(3) is 25 and the number of red K(4) is 1.
```


