# BTCODE_E - Recover Polynomials

## 题目描述

Venkatesh is an expert in mathematics, and loves playing around with polynomials during his free time. His favourite mathematical equation is pretty obviously: f(x) = a $ _{n} $ \*x $ ^{n} $ + a $ _{n-1} $ \*x $ ^{n-1} $ + ..... + a $ _{1} $ \*x + a $ _{0} $ . His friend Suhash loves posing challenges to Venkatesh. Once they were discussing a particular problem at Snacky, which goes as follows:

Suhash would choose an integer 'n' as the degree of the polynomial and give Venkatesh the value of the polynomial at 'n+1' equally spaced points, i.e he gives Venkatesh integers 'n', 'x $ _{0} $ ', 'd' and g $ _{0} $ , g $ _{1} $ , g $ _{2} $ , ..., g $ _{n} $ such that: f(x $ _{0} $ ) = g $ _{0} $ , f(x $ _{0} $ +d) = g $ _{1} $ , f(x $ _{0} $ +2\*d) = g $ _{2} $ , ......f(x $ _{0} $ +n\*d) = g $ _{n} $ . Now, Venkatesh is required to find the polynomial. Since he hates floating point values, he decides to find the polynomial in coefficient form, modulo a prime number. Can you help Venkatesh find the polynomial?

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of input contains an integer 't', denoting the number of test cases.

For each test case, the first line contains 3 space separated integers 'n', 'x $ _{0} $ ', 'd'. The next line contains 'n+1' space separated integers g $ _{0} $ , g $ _{1} $ , g $ _{2} $ , .....g $ _{n} $ .

### 输出格式

For each test case output 'n+1' integers, denoting the coefficients of the polynomial a $ _{0} $ , a $ _{1} $ , a $ _{2} $ ,...... a $ _{n} $ . All the coefficients that are printed should be non-negative and should be less than 1000000007.

You are required to find coefficients of the polynomial a $ _{0} $ , a $ _{1} $ , a $ _{2} $ ,...... a $ _{n} $ , which satisfy the equations: f(x $ _{0} $ )%1000000007 = g $ _{0} $ , f(x $ _{0} $ +d)%1000000007 = g $ _{1} $ , ....... f(x $ _{0} $ +n\*d)%1000000007 = g $ _{n} $ . It is guarenteed that there is a unique solution for every test case.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
1
3 1 1
10 26 58 112
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
4 3 2 1

Constraints:
t &amp;lt;= 25
1 &amp;lt;= n &amp;lt;= 1000
0 &amp;lt;= x0 &amp;lt;= 100000
0 &amp;lt; d  &amp;lt;= 10000
0 &amp;lt;= gi &amp;lt;= 10^9
```


