# PSWITCH - Party Switching

## 题目描述

Seraph is a smart boy who, one day at the time of his birthday he was wearing a lot of lights for the event. The number of lights is installed for as many as N, which are numbered 1 through N. lights are connected to a controller that has 4 buttons. Each button functions as follows:

1\. if this button is pressed, then all light will change the state from OFF to ON or from ON to OFF

2\. if this button is pressed, then the odd-numbered light will change its state

3\. if this button is pressed, then the even-numbered light will change its state

4\. if this button is pressed, all lights are numbered 3K +1 will change its state

In the controller, there are counter C that count number of button will be pressed. when the initial state, the state of all the lights are ON and the counter C is set to 0. After that you will be given information of light at the end of the show, and you have to count how many kinds of configuration according to the information provided.

Seraph is a smart boy who, one day at the time of his birthday he was wearing a lot of lights for the event. The number of lights is installed for as many as N, which are numbered 1 through N. lights are connected to a controller that has 4 buttons. Each button functions as follows:

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

configurations are possible at the end of the event. There should be no repetitive configuration and output must be in lexicographical. If there is no configuration, print "Impossible".

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
10
1
-1
7 -1
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
0000000000
0101010101
0110110110
```


