# TORNJEVI - TORNJEVI

## 题目描述

We are being attacked on a map represented by a rectangular grid of R×S squares. The attackers are barefoot robbers, and we use small cannons on small wooden towers to defend ourselves.

Each tower is equipped with **two cannons**, placed to fire in a 90 degree angle. More precisely, cannons on one tower can be set to fire in one of the following four configurations:

1. fire left and down;

2. fire down and right;

3. fire right and up;

4. fire up and left.

A cannon ball that hits the attacker **destroys him and continues to fly** in the same direction. A cannon ball which hits a castle stops and does no damage to the castle (because castles are big and strong). But, when a cannon ball hits a tower, it destroys it (because towers are small and fragile).

We want to turn the cannons on the towers so that, when we fire exactly one shot from **every cannon**, **we destroy all the attackers**, and **all our towers remain undamaged.**

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line contains two integers R and S (1 ≤ R, S ≤ 100), the dimensions of the map.

The next R lines contain S characters each, the map.

Each character on the map can be the uppercase letter 'T' (tower), lowercase letter 'n' (attacker), the character '\#' (castle) or the character '.' (empty).

**Note:** There will always be a solution, although not necessarily unique.

### 输出格式

Output the map in the same format as in the input, replacing 'T' characters with the orientations of the cannons – each tower should be replaced with one of the digits '1', '2', '3' or '4', corresponding to the four orientations as described above.

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

