# CLONES - Attack of the Clones

## 题目描述

A boolean function is a function of the form f: B $ _{n} $ -> B, where B = {0, 1} and n is a non-negative integer called the arity of the function. Some Boolean functions are projections: p $ _{n} $ $ ^{k} $ (x $ _{1} $ , ..., x $ _{n} $ ) = x $ _{k} $ . And given an m-ary function f, and n-ary functions g $ _{1} $ , ..., g $ _{m} $ , we can construct another n-ary function: h(x $ _{1} $ , ..., x $ _{n} $ ) = f(g1(x $ _{1} $ , ..., x $ _{n} $ ), ..., gm(x $ _{1} $ , ..., x $ _{n} $ )), called their composition. A set of functions closed under composition and containing all projections is called a clone. One trivial clone is a set of all boolean functions. Some of the special clones are:

- Z is a set of 0-preserving functions: f(0, ..., 0) = 0;

- P is a set of 1-preserving functions: f(1, ..., 1) = 1;

- D is a set of self-dual functions: !f(x $ _{1} $ , ..., x $ _{n} $ ) = f(!x $ _{1} $ , ..., !x $ _{n} $ );

- A is a set of affine functions: the functions satisfying that if f(a $ _{1} $ , ..., c, ..., a $ _{n} $ ) = f(a $ _{1} $ , ..., d, ..., a $ _{n} $ ) then f(b $ _{1} $ , ..., c, ..., b $ _{n} $ ) = f(b $ _{1} $ , ..., d, ..., b $ _{n} $ ), where c and d are at some position i. This should hold for every valid i, a $ _{1} $ , ..., a $ _{n} $ , b $ _{1} $ , ... b $ _{n} $ , c and d.

Now we are interested how many n-ary functions are there in some combinations of mentioned above sets. For example, for n = 2, there are exactly 8 functions in Z, 4 functions in the intersection of Z and P, 8 function in the complement of A and so on.

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

The first line of the input file contains n - the arity of the boolean functions we are looking at. The second line contains the q - number of queries. Each of the next q lines will describe a query. The query is a set expression. The expression will contain the following characters: 'Z', 'P', 'D', 'A' denoting the sets, described above; 'v' - which is set union; '^' - which is set intersection; '!' which is complement; '\\' which is set difference; and also '(' and ')' to define operations priority. Operations in brackets have higher priority. Otherwise the '!' operation has the higher priority and 'v', '^' and '\\' are of the same priority. It is guaranteed that the expression will be correct. See samples for some examples of set expressions.

### 输出格式

For each query in the input print how many n-ary function are in the set described by the according set expression modulo 1000003.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
2
6
Z
Z^P
!A
!(AvP)^D
AvZvP\A
!A^(Z\(Dv!P))
```


### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
8
4
8
0
6
2
```


