# MAYCA - Maya Calendar

## 题意翻译

有两种历法

第一种：一年 365 天， 19 个月，跟我们今天的日历模式差不多

月的名字：pop, no, zip, zotz, tzec, xul, yoxkin, mol, chen, yax, zac, ceh, mac, kankin, muan, pax, koyab, cumhu, uayet

前 18 个月天的名字：0 - 19

第 19 个月天的名字：0 - 4

第二种：和我们的天干地支纪年法差不多，月和天是分开的两个周期循环

月的名字：1 - 13

天的名字：imix, ik, akbal, kan, chicchan, cimi, manik, lamat, muluk, ok, chuen, eb, ben, ix, mem, cib, caban, eznab, canac, ahau

年都是从 0 开始，我们的任务就是转换这两种历法

## 题目描述

During his last sabbatical, professor M. A. Ya made a surprising discovery about the old Maya calendar. From an old knotted message, professor discovered that the Maya civilization used a 365 day long year, called _Haab_, which had 19 months. Each of the first 18 months was 20 days long, and the names of the months were _pop, no, zip, zotz, tzec, xul, yoxkin, mol, chen, yax, zac, ceh, mac, kankin, muan, pax, koyab, cumhu_. Instead of having names, the days of the months were denoted by numbers starting from 0 to 19. The last month of Haab was called _uayet_ and had 5 days denoted by numbers 0, 1, 2, 3, 4. The Maya believed that this month was unlucky, the court of justice was not in session, the trade stopped, people did not even sweep the floor.

For religious purposes, the Maya used another calendar in which the year was called _Tzolkin_ (holly year). The year was divided into thirteen periods, each 20 days long. Each day was denoted by a pair consisting of a number and the name of the day. They used 20 names: _imix, ik, akbal, kan, chicchan, cimi, manik, lamat, muluk, ok, chuen, eb, ben, ix, mem, cib, caban, eznab, canac, ahau_ and 13 numbers; both in cycles.

Notice that each day has an unambiguous description. For example, at the beginning of the year the days were described as follows:

_1 imix, 2 ik, 3 akbal, 4 kan, 5 chicchan, 6 cimi, 7 manik, 8 lamat, 9 muluk, 10 ok, 11 chuen, 12 eb, 13 ben, 1 ix, 2 mem, 3 cib, 4 caban, 5 eznab, 6 canac, 7 ahau_, and again in the next period _8 imix, 9 ik, 10 akbal..._

Years (both Haab and Tzolkin) were denoted by numbers 0, 1, ..., where the number 0 was the beginning of the world. Thus, the first day was:

Haab: `0. pop 0`

Tzolkin: `1 imix 0`

Help professor M. A. Ya and write a program for him to convert the dates from the Haab calendar to the Tzolkin calendar.

Input

-----

The date in Haab is given in the following format:

_NumberOfTheDay. Month Year_

The first line of the input file contains the number of the input dates in the file. The next _n_ lines contain _n_ dates in the Haab calendar format, each in separate line. The year is smaller then 5000.

Output

------

The date in Tzolkin should be in the following format:

_Number NameOfTheDay Year_

The first line of the output file contains the number of the output dates. In the next _n_ lines, there are dates in the Tzolkin calendar format, in the order corresponding to the input dates.

**Sample Input**

```

3

10. zac 0

0. pop 0

10. zac 1995

```

**Sample Output**

```

3

3 chuen 0

1 imix 0

9 cimi 2801

```

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

### 输出格式

## 输入输出样例

暂无测试点

