# [USACO12MAR]园林绿化Landscaping

## 题目描述

Farmer John is building a nicely-landscaped garden, and needs to move a large amount of dirt in the process.

The garden consists of a sequence of N flowerbeds (1 <= N <= 100), where flowerbed i initially contains A\_i units of dirt. Farmer John would like to re-landscape the garden so that each flowerbed i instead contains B\_i units of dirt. The A\_i's and B\_i's are all integers in the range 0..10.

To landscape the garden, Farmer John has several options: he can purchase one unit of dirt and place it in a flowerbed of his choice for $X$. He can remove one unit of dirt from a flowerbed of his choice and have it shipped away for $Y$. He can also transport one unit of dirt from flowerbed i to flowerbed j at a cost of $Z$ times |i-j|. Please compute the minimum total cost for Farmer John to complete his landscaping project.

有n块土地，每块有A[i]泥土，现把其改造成B[i]泥土，有3种操作：(1)花费X向任意土地增加1泥土；(2)花费Y向任意土地减少1泥土；(3)花费Z\*|i-j|把土地i的1泥土运到土地j。问最小花费是多少。

## 输入输出格式

### 输入格式

\* Line 1: Space-separated integers N, X, Y, and Z (0 <= X, Y, Z <= 1000).

\* Lines 2..1+N: Line i+1 contains the space-separated integers A\_i and B\_i.

### 输出格式

\* Line 1: A single integer giving the minimum cost for Farmer John's landscaping project.

## 输入输出样例

### 输入样例 #1

```cpp
4 100 200 1 
1 4 
2 3 
3 2 
4 0 

```
### 输出样例 #1

```cpp
210 

```
## 说明

There are 4 flowerbeds in a row, initially with 1, 2, 3, and 4 units of dirt. Farmer John wishes to transform them so they have 4, 3, 2, and 0 units of dirt, respectively. The costs for adding, removing, and transporting dirt are 100, 200, and 1.

One unit of dirt must be removed (from flowerbed #4), at a cost of 200. The remaining dirt can be moved at a cost of 10 (3 units from flowerbed #4 to flowerbed #1, 1 unit from flowerbed #3 to flowerbed #2).

